 EX-10.7 4 dex107.htm PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.7


PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT
DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 8, 2007


BY AND BETWEEN


STATE OF LOUISIANA, AS BUYER


AND


VISTA HOLDINGS, LLC, AS SELLER

------------------------------------------------------------------------
PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT


THIS PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated and effective as 
of November 8, 2007 (the Effective Date), is a contract whereby VISTA 
HOLDINGS, LLC, a limited liability company domiciled in Baton Rouge, 
Louisiana (hereinafter referred to as Seller), agrees to sell to STATE OF 
LOUISIANA (Buyer), upon the terms and provisions hereof, the following 
described real property and assets, situated in the Parish of East Baton 
Rouge, Louisiana, to wit:



RECITALS


A. Seller owns the facility located at 9032 Perkins Road, Baton Rouge, 
Louisiana 70808 (the Hospital) as well as the equipment used in the 
Hospital and an approximate 6,900 square foot office building and 20 acres 
of land, more on less, legally described in Exhibit A attached hereto.


B. Seller desires to sell and Buyer desires to purchase the Assets (defined 
below) owned by Seller pursuant to and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions hereof.


C. As a condition to Closing, certain conditions precedent as described in 
this Agreement must be satisfied.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants of the parties as 
hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged, the parties 
hereto hereby agree as follows:



ARTICLE I.
PURCHASE OF ASSETS AND PRE-CLOSING COVENANTS


1.1. Purchase of Assets. At the Closing, Seller will transfer to Buyer 
valid and merchantable title to all of the Assets with full warranty of 
title, free and clear of all Liens. As of the Closing, the Assets as set 
forth herein will consist of the following (except to the extent that any 
of the following are designated as Excluded Assets in Section 1.2 below):

(a) all inventory and supplies with respect to the Hospital (collectively, 
the Inventory);

(b) all of the tangible personal property used or useful with respect to 
the Hospital and MOB, including, without limitation, machinery, equipment, 
and fixtures that are listed on Schedule 1.1(b) (collectively, the 
Personal Property);


(c) all contract rights with respect to the Siemens leases on the MRI, CT 
scan and Raypak digitizing program and other leases identified on Schedule 
1.1(c) to the extent and only to the extent Buyer notifies Seller in 
writing prior to the Closing Date that Buyer, in its sole discretion, 
elects to assume such contracts (to the extent so elected, the Assumed 
Contracts)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) the facility in which the Hospital is located (the Hospital Facility
);


(e) the 6,900 square foot office building (the MOB); and


(f) the legal, equitable, and beneficial title to the 20 acres of land, 
more or less, on which the Hospital Facility and MOB are located (the 
Real Property), including all improvements thereon and all of Sellers 
right, title and interest in and to any land lying in the bed of any 
street, road or avenue, opened or proposed, adjoining the Real Property.


1.2. Excluded Assets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, the Assets do not include any other assets of Seller, including 
without limitation, the following assets of Seller (collectively, the 
Excluded Assets):

(a) Sellers rights under this Agreement, including the consideration paid 
to Seller pursuant to this Agreement,


(b) the tax records relating to the Hospital;


(c) Employee Benefit Plans relating to the employees of Seller and any and 
all rights therein or in the assets thereof;


(d) all accounts receivable or other rights to receive payments owing to 
Seller (the Accounts Receivable) including intercompany receivables of 
Seller with any of Sellers Affiliates; notes, interest and other 
receivables of Seller and all claims, rights, interest and proceeds related 
thereto, disproportionate share payments and cost report settlements 
related thereto arising from the rendering of services to inpatients and 
outpatients in connection with the Hospital, billed and unbilled, recorded 
and unrecorded, for services provided by Seller prior to the Effective 
Date, whether payable by private pay patients, private insurance, Medicare, 
Medicaid, CHAMPUS, Blue Cross, or by any other source;


(e) all contracts not specifically agreed to by Buyer as Assumed Contracts 
pursuant to Section 1.1(c);


(f) all cash-on-hand, cash equivalents, certificates of deposit, and other 
investments in marketable securities of third party issuers as of the 
Closing Date;


(g) all tangible personal property of Seller that does not constitute 
Personal Property;


(h) all rights under insurance policies and insurance payments covering 
insured liabilities which are not Assumed Liabilities;


(i) any and all refunds, rebates, or other amounts paid to Seller relating 
to the termination or cancellation by Seller of any insurance policies 
owned by Seller.


(j) the tax and corporate records of Seller;
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(k) the legal entities known as Vista Hospital of Baton Rouge, LLC; Vista 
Medical Management, LLC; and Seller, and all membership interests therein;


(l) all records, files and papers primarily pertaining to the Hospital, 
including general Hospital records and medical records;


(m) all permits, licenses, and certificates of need and provider numbers 
relating to the operation of the Hospital and the Hospitals Medicare 
provider number; and


(n) all of the goodwill of and associated with the Hospital.


1.3. Excluded Liabilities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Agreement or in any Transaction Document, and regardless 
of whether such liability is disclosed in this Agreement, in any of the 
Transaction Documents or on any Schedule or Exhibit hereto or thereto, 
Buyer, except for the Assumed Liabilities, will not assume, agree to pay, 
perform and discharge or in any way be responsible for any debts, 
liabilities or obligations of the Assets, Seller, or any of its Affiliates 
of any kind or nature whatsoever, arising out of, relating to, resulting 
from, or caused by any transaction, status, event, condition, occurrence or 
situation relating to, arising out of or in connection with the Hospital, 
the Assets or Seller existing, arising or occurring on, prior to or 
subsequent to the Closing Date, including, without limitation, any 
liabilities or obligations relating to or arising from the Excluded Assets 
(the Excluded Liabilities). Excluding the Assumed Liabilities, Seller 
agrees to satisfy all liabilities of Seller relating to the Assets at or 
prior to the Closing Date.


1.4. Assumed Liabilities. As of the Closing Date, Buyer will assume and 
agree to pay, perform and discharge in accordance with their respective 
terms the obligations under the Assumed Contracts, if any, accruing after 
the Closing Date (the Assumed Liabilities).



ARTICLE II.
CONSIDERATION AND MANNER OF PAYMENT


2.1. Purchase Price. The purchase price for the Assets (the Purchase Price
) shall be $20,000,000.00. in U.S. Dollars.

2.2. Payment of Purchase Price. At the Closing, Buyer will pay to Seller 
the full purchase price of $20,000,000.00 by electronic funds transfer to 
LandAmerica Commonwealth Land Title Company as set forth in Section 5.1, 
provided such title company has delivered to Buyer on or before November 
30, 2007 (i) an insured closing protection letter from a licensed title 
insurer in form and content reasonably acceptable to Buyer and (ii) the 
applicable account information and a completed W-9 form for such title 
company, including its tax identification number; LandAmerica shall in turn 
wire the settlement proceeds to Seller according to the wire transfer 
instructions attached as Exhibit 2.2 which instructions will be provided by 
Seller 10 days prior to Closing.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.3 Prorations. All ad valorem property taxes payable upon the Assets shall 
be prorated between Seller and Buyer for the tax year in which the Closing 
is held on the basis of the tax statements for year, provided, however, if 
tax statements for the current year are not available as of the Closing 
Date, the tax proration between Seller and Buyer shall be made on the basis 
of taxes for the immediately prior tax year. Seller and Buyer agree to 
adjust the prorations at the end of the tax year, if necessary. This 
section shall survive the Closing.



ARTICLE III.
SELLER S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES


Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer as of the Effective Date and 
the Closing Date, as follows:

3.1. Sellers Organization, Good Standing and Authority. Seller is a 
limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good 
standing under Louisiana law. Seller has full capacity, power, right and 
authority to enter into and perform its respective obligations under this 
Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
This Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
have been duly executed and delivered by Seller, and constitute the valid 
and binding obligations of Seller, enforceable against it in accordance 
with their respective terms, except as the same may be limited by 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other 
similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and the 
availability of equitable remedies.


3.2. Assets. Seller has full power and authority to own and hold the 
properties and Assets. Seller has good and marketable title to the Assets, 
free and clear of any and all Liens. Upon consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, Seller will have conveyed, and Buyer will 
be vested with, good and marketable title to the Assets, free and clear of 
all Liens. All of the Assets that are personal property are in operable 
condition and repair, normal wear and tear expected, and none of such 
property requires any repair or replacement except for maintenance in the 
ordinary course. Except as identified in Section 1.1(c), none of the Assets 
are held under any lease, security agreement, conditional sales contract or 
other title retention or security agreement, are located other than at the 
Hospital Facility or are encumbered by any other Liens.


3.3. Approval. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or 
registration, declaration, notice or filing with, any national, state, 
provincial, local, governmental, judicial, public, quasi-public or 
administrative authority or agency (collectively, Governmental Authority
) or other Person is required to be made or obtained by Seller in 
connection with the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of 
this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or the consummation of 
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.


3.4. Inventory. All of the Inventory is usable in the ordinary course of 
the Hospitals operations, is fully paid for and not subject to consignment 
or conditional sales arrangements and no material portion of the Inventory 
is obsolete or damaged.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.5. Taxes. There are no Liens for Taxes (other than current taxes not yet 
due and payable) upon any of the Assets.


3.6. No Default. Seller is not in default, and no event has occurred which 
with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute a 
default by such party, under any of the leases identified in Section 1.1(c) 
and, to the knowledge of Seller, no event has occurred which with the 
giving of notice or the passage of time or both would constitute such a 
default by any party to any such lease.


3.7. Real Property. Seller owns fee title to the Real Property described in 
Exhibit A hereto, together with all buildings, improvements and fixtures 
thereon and all appurtenances and rights thereto. There exist no mortgages, 
liens, restrictions, servitudes agreements, claims or other encumbrances 
affecting the Real Property which will interfere with Buyers use of the 
Assets in a manner consistent with the current use thereof by Seller. The 
Real Property will be conveyed to Buyer subject only to (i) current taxes 
not yet due and payable, and (ii) such easements and other restrictions of 
record shown on the title insurance commitment to be provided by Seller 
under Section 6.9 expressly agreed to by Buyer in writing (the foregoing 
items (i) through (ii) being referred to herein as the Permitted 
Encumbrances). Seller has not received written notice of any outstanding 
violation of any applicable ordinance or other law, order, regulation or 
requirement, and has not received notice of condemnation, lien, assessment 
or the like, relating to any part of the Real Property or the operation 
thereof. At Closing, Seller will convey to Buyer good and indefeasible 
title to the Real Property and the remainder of the Assets, subject to no 
mortgage, lien, pledge, security interest, conditional sales agreement, 
right of first refusal, option, restriction, liability, encumbrance or 
charge, other than the Permitted Encumbrances.


3.8. Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.8, there are no claims, 
counterclaims, actions, suits, orders, proceedings (arbitration, mediation 
or otherwise), investigations or judgments pending or, to the knowledge of 
Seller, threatened against or involving Seller, the Assets or, relating to 
the transactions contemplated hereby, at law or in equity, in any court or 
agency, or before or by any Governmental Authority, nor, to the knowledge 
of Seller, are there any facts, conditions or incidents that could be 
reasonably expected to result in any such actions, suits, proceedings 
(arbitration, mediation or otherwise) or investigations. Seller is not 
subject to any judgment, order or decree of any court or Governmental 
Authority.


3.9. Compliance with Applicable Laws; Permits. The Real Property is in 
compliance with all applicable laws and Seller has not received any notice 
of violation of law or municipal ordinance or order and knows of no facts 
which would constitute grounds for receiving any notice of a violation of 
such law, municipal ordinance or order.


3.10. Transaction Not a Breach. The execution, delivery and performance by 
Seller of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents will not:

(a) result in a breach of any of the terms or conditions of, or constitute 
a default under, or in any manner release any party thereto from any 
obligation under any mortgage, note, bond, indenture, contract, agreement, 
license or other instrument or obligation of any kind or nature by which 
Seller may be bound or affected;
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) violate or conflict with any order, writ or injunction of any court, 
administrative agency or Governmental Authority to which Seller is subject;


(c) violate any provision of the organizational documents of Seller;


(d) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any property of 
Seller; or


(e) require any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action 
by or notice to any court, Governmental Authority or any other Person.


3.11. Conduct Prior to Closing. From the Effective Date to the Closing, 
Seller shall:

(a) Not pledge or subject any of the Assets to any Lien or restriction, or, 
remove any equipment, machinery, and fixtures (medical or otherwise) listed 
on Schedule 1.1(b) from the Hospital Facility;


(b) Not voluntarily or involuntarily sell, transfer, abandon, surrender, 
lease or otherwise dispose of any of the Assets other than Inventory in the 
ordinary course of business; and


(c) Continue to operate the air conditioning equipment and maintain the 
grounds.


3.12. Health, Safety and Environment. Neither Seller, nor to Sellers 
knowledge any other Person, has ever generated, manufactured, transported, 
treated, stored, disposed of or otherwise handled any Hazardous Materials 
at any site, location or facility in connection with the Hospital or any of 
the Assets in violation of any applicable Environmental and Safety 
Requirements (as hereinafter defined). Seller (i) is in material compliance 
with all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations, 
ordinances and requirements relating to public health and safety, worker 
health and safety and pollution and protection of the environment, all as 
amended or hereafter amended (Environmental and Safety Requirements), and 
(ii) possesses all required permits, licenses, certifications and approvals 
and has filed all notices or applications required thereby or pertaining 
thereto. Seller has never been subject to, or received any written notice 
of, any private, administrative or judicial inquiry, investigation, order 
or action, or any written notice of any intended or threatened private, 
administrative, or judicial inquiry, investigation, order or action 
relating to the presence or alleged presence of Hazardous Materials in, 
under or upon any property leased or owned by Seller, nor is Seller aware 
of any such inquiry, investigation, order, action or notice. There are no 
pending, or to the knowledge of Seller, threatened, investigations, 
actions, orders or proceedings (or written notices of potential 
investigations, actions, orders or proceedings) from any Governmental 
Authority or any other entity regarding any matter relating to 
Environmental and Safety Requirements. To Sellers knowledge, there are not 
currently and there have not ever been on or under the Real Property any 
underground storage tanks of any size or for any purpose.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.13. Brokers. Pursuant to a separate written agreement, Seller has agreed 
to pay a commission to HENRY S. MILLER COMMERCIAL (Broker) upon 
consummation of the Closing and payment of the Purchase Price. Except as 
set forth in the preceding sentence, Seller shall defend, indemnify, and 
hold harmless Buyer, and Buyer shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless 
the Seller, from and against all claims by third parties for brokerage, 
commission, finders, or other fees relative to this Agreement or the sale 
of the Assets, and all court costs, attorney fees, and other expenses 
arising therefrom, and alleged to be due by authorization of the 
indemnifying party. The obligations set forth herein shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement.


3.14. No Misrepresentation. None of the representations and warranties of 
Seller set forth in this Agreement, in any of the certificates, schedules, 
lists, documents, exhibits, or other instruments delivered, or to be 
delivered, to Buyer as contemplated by any provision hereof (including the 
Transaction Documents), contain any untrue statement of a material fact or 
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained 
herein or therein not misleading. To the knowledge of Seller, there are no 
material facts which have not been disclosed to Buyer which have a Material 
Adverse Effect, or could reasonably be anticipated to have a Material 
Adverse Effect, on the Assets or Sellers ability to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby.


3.15. Survival. These representations, warranties and covenants of Seller 
in this Agreement shall survive the Closing.



ARTICLE IV.
BUYERS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES


Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Seller as of the Effective Date and 
the Closing Date as follows:

4.1. Organization. Buyer is the State of Louisiana.


4.2. Authorization. Buyer has full power, right and authority to enter into 
and perform its obligations under this Agreement and each of the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party. The execution, delivery and 
performance by Buyer of this Agreement and each of the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party have been duly and properly authorized by 
all requisite action in accordance with applicable law. This Agreement and 
each of the Transaction Documents to which Buyer is a party has been duly 
executed and delivered by it and is the valid and binding obligation of 
Buyer and is enforceable against Buyer in accordance with their respective 
terms, except as the same may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the 
rights of creditors generally and the availability of equitable remedies.


4.3. Transaction Not a Breach. The execution, delivery and performance by 
Buyer of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents will not:

(a) violate or conflict with any order, writ or injunction of any court, 
administrative agency or Governmental Authority to which Buyer is subject; 
or
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) violate any provision of the organizational documents or operating 
documents of Buyer.


4.4. Broker. All negotiations relating to this Agreement and the 
Transaction Documents, and the transactions contemplated hereby and 
thereby, have been carried on without the intervention of any Person acting 
on behalf of Buyer in such a manner as to give rise to any valid claim for 
any brokers or finders fee or similar compensation against Seller.


4.5. Litigations and Proceedings. There are no claims counterclaims, 
actions, suits, orders, proceedings (arbitration, mediation or otherwise), 
investigations or judgments pending or, to the knowledge of Buyer, 
threatened against Buyer relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, 
at law or in equity, in any court or agency, or before or by any 
Governmental Authority.


4.6. No Misrepresentation. None of the representations and warranties of 
Buyer set forth in this Agreement or in any of the certificates, schedules, 
lists, documents, exhibits, or other instruments delivered, or to be 
delivered, to Seller as contemplated by any provision hereof (including the 
Transaction Documents), contain any untrue statement of a material fact or 
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained 
herein or therein not misleading. To the knowledge of Buyer, there are no 
material facts which have not been disclosed to Seller which have a 
Material Adverse Effect, or could reasonably be anticipated to have a 
Material Adverse Effect, on Buyers ability to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby.


4.7. Survival. These representations, warranties and covenants of Buyer in 
this Agreement shall survive the Closing.



ARTICLE V.
CLOSING


5.1. Time and Place. The closing of the transactions that are the subject 
of this Agreement (the Closing) shall be held at the offices of 
LandAmerica Commonwealth Land Title Company. LandAmericas agent in Baton 
Rouge will be Steve Landry, Commerce Title Company, 4000 South Sherwood 
Forest Blvd., Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70816. LandAmericas agent Steve 
Landry at the Baton Rouge office shall research the title documents; and 
any documents which are required from Buyer shall be delivered to that 
office. All documents required from Seller shall be delivered to Marvin 
Zindler, Jr. at LandAmericas Houston office , 11 Greenway Plaza, Suite 
120, Houston, Texas 77046; and the actual funding shall be done at that 
office. The closing shall be held on or before December 14, 2007 (the 
Closing Date.).


5.2. Deliveries of Seller. At the Closing, Seller will execute and deliver 
or cause to be executed and delivered to Buyer the following:

(a) (1) a certificate of the Secretary of Seller as to (i) copies of 
resolutions of its managers or Board of Directors, or its member(s), as the 
case may be, authorizing the
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Transaction 
Documents and the sale of the Assets in accordance with the terms hereof; 
(ii) a Certificate of Good Standing of Seller issued by the Secretary of 
State of such Sellers formation; and (iii) incumbency and specimen 
signatures with respect to its authorized representatives executing this 
Agreement and any Transaction Documents and (2) a certificate of the 
Secretary of Sellers parent identified in Section 10.16 as to copies of 
resolutions of its managers or Board of Directors or its members, as the 
case may be, authorizing and approving the sale of the Assets in accordance 
with the terms hereof;


(b) any required third party consents, filings, and certificates from 
Seller or any third party (including, any Governmental Authority) relating 
to the transfer of the Assets;


(c) all applicable documentation releasing Liens covering, concerning or 
relating to the Assets, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to 
Buyer;


(d) Cash Sale with warranty of title, fully executed by Seller in 
recordable form, conveying good and indefeasible title to the Real Property 
and all improvements to Buyer;


(e) General Bill of Sale and Assignment, fully executed by Seller, 
transferring good title to all tangible assets constituting the Assets 
(other than the Real Property) to Buyer;


(f) Assignments of Assumed Contracts, fully executed by Seller, assigning 
all right, title and interest of Seller in and to the Assumed Contracts to 
Buyer;


(g) Certificate of Seller certifying that all representations and 
warranties contained in this Agreement are truthful, accurate and complete 
as of the Closing Date, along with an update to any of the Schedules 
attached hereto in a manner acceptable to Buyer in its sole discretion;


(h) such other documents and instruments as Buyer or its counsel reasonably 
shall deem necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby;


(i) a possession/lien affidavit as required by the Title Company to remove 
the standard exceptions on the title policy; and


(j) an owners title insurance policy in the amount of the Purchase Price 
issued by the Title Company insuring Buyer that Buyer is acquiring the Real 
Property free and clear of all liens and encumbrances other than any 
specifically accepted in writing by Buyer.


All documents delivered to Buyer shall be in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to counsel for Buyer.


5.3. Deliveries of Buyer. At the Closing, Buyer will deliver to Seller 
simultaneously with the delivery of the items referred to in Section 5.2 
above:

(a) the payment of the Purchase Price, subject to applicable tax 
prorations;
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) a certificate of the Secretary or other official of Buyer as to (i) 
copies of authorizations of its officials authorizing the execution, 
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents; 
and (ii) incumbency and specimen signatures with respect to its officials 
executing this Agreement and any Transaction Documents;


(c) a certificate of Buyer signed by an authorized official of Buyer 
certifying that all representations and warranties contained in this 
Agreement are truthful, accurate and complete as of the Closing Date; and


(d) such other documents and instruments as Seller or its counsel 
reasonably shall deem necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated 
hereby.


All documents delivered to Seller shall be in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the counsel for Seller.


5.4. Additional Acts. From time to time, prior to and after the Closing, 
Buyer and Seller agree to execute and deliver such other instruments of 
conveyance and transfer, and take such other actions as the other party may 
reasonably request to more effectively convey and transfer full right, 
title, and interest to, vest in, and place Buyer in legal and actual 
possession of, any and all of the Assets and otherwise effectuate the 
transaction contemplated by this Agreement.


5.5. Possession of Premises. Buyer shall be entitled to immediate and 
complete possession of all of the Assets on the Closing Date.



ARTICLE VI
BUYERS CONDITION PRECEDENT


Unless otherwise waived by Buyer, the obligation of Buyer to effect the 
transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the fulfillment at or 
prior to the Closing of the following additional conditions:

6.1. Notification. Between the Effective Date and the Closing Date, Seller 
will promptly notify Buyer of the occurrence of any breach of any covenant 
of Seller or any member or Affiliate of Seller in this Article VI or of the 
occurrence of any event that may make the satisfaction of the conditions in 
this Agreement impossible or unlikely.


6.2. Efforts. Between the Effective Date and the Closing Date, Seller will 
use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the conditions in this 
Article VI to be satisfied.


6.3. Accuracy of Representations. Each of Sellers representations and 
warranties in this Agreement must have been accurate as of both the 
Effective Date and Closing Date, and Seller shall have delivered a 
certificate to Buyer which certifies the foregoing.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.5 Satisfaction of Covenants. Each of the covenants and obligations that 
Seller is required to perform or to comply with pursuant to this Agreement 
at or prior to the Closing must have been duly performed and complied with.


6.6 Deliveries. Seller must have delivered to Buyer the documents required 
to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.2.


6.7 No Material Adverse Effect. Between the Effective Date and the Closing 
Date, except for the conditions precedent set forth herein, there has not 
been any Material Adverse Effect on the Assets.


6.8 Ordinary Course. Seller covenants and agrees that, from and after the 
Effective Date through and including the Closing Date, Seller shall not: 
(a) enter into any new, or modify any existing, material lease, material 
contract or other material obligation with respect to the Assets without 
the prior written consent of Buyer; (b) take any action which will or may 
adversely affect title to the Assets; (c) commit any act which will violate 
any material term or provision of the Assumed Contracts or any federal or 
state law, ordinance or regulation applicable to the Assets, or (d) remove 
any equipment, machinery, and fixtures (medical or otherwise) listed on 
Schedule 1.1(b) from the Hospital Facility, or (e) permit the buildings or 
grounds to be neglected or become in disrepair.


6.9 Contingencies. The obligations of Buyer under this Agreement are 
conditioned upon the satisfaction to Buyer, at Buyers sole discretion, of 
the following contingencies (the Contingencies):

(a) Clear Title Binder. Issuance, at Sellers expense, of a commitment for 
owners title insurance on the Real Property by LandAmerica Title Company 
of Houston, Texas (the Title Company)on a standard ALTA form, such 
commitment reflecting the status of the title of the Real Property complies 
with the provisions of Section 3.7 hereof. Seller shall convey valid and 
merchantable title to the Assets in fee simple title, free of any bonded 
assessments, liens, mortgages and encumbrances other than for current real 
estate taxes. There will be no leases, easements, encumbrances or other 
agreements affecting the Assets except as disclosed to Buyer and approved 
in writing by Buyer.


(b) Environmental. Buyer having satisfied itself, in its sole reasonable 
discretion, with the environmental condition of the Real Property.


(c) Physical Inspections, Surveys, Soil Boring, etc. Buyer having satisfied 
itself, in its sole discretion, as to the physical condition of the Assets. 
Seller grants to Buyer and its agents or representatives the temporary 
right to enter onto the Real Property at all times during the term of this 
Agreement and to perform such examinations, and to make such surveys, soil 
borings, wetlands determinations, environmental assessments, termite 
inspection, and other tests as Buyer deems necessary, in its sole 
discretion and other investigations and review of the physical 
characteristics, measurements, values, and extent of the Real Property, 
provided any such tests shall not be so performed as to damage the Real 
Property materially or to unreasonably interfere with its use or occupancy 
by Seller. Buyer agrees to indemnify and hold Seller
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
harmless against loss or damage from claims directly resulting from Buyers 
conduct of its tests and investigation. Specifically pertaining to a 
termite inspection if Buyers agent determines there exists currently or in 
the past the presence of termites, Seller will provide for termite 
remediation and the repair and replacement of all damage to the property 
satisfactory to Buyers agent inspection prior to Closing. Specifically 
pertaining to the roof, building exterior skin and window systems, if 
Buyers agent determines there exist currently moisture penetrations, 
Seller will provide for the repair and replacement of all damage to the 
property satisfactory to Buyers agent inspection to Closing.


(d) Survey. Buyer shall obtain, at Buyers expense, an on the ground survey 
of the Real Property, locating all improvements and all easements and 
servitudes of record, and including an updated legal description of the 
Real Property, which survey shall be made available to Seller upon its 
completion. Said survey must verify that the Real Property contains at 
least 16.634 acres; and that it discloses no adverse encroachments, 
servitudes, etc. that would materially affect the value or use of the Real 
Property. If the survey discloses that the Real Property contains less than 
the minimum acreage specified in the preceding sentence, Buyer shall have 
the option of canceling this Agreement by written notice to Seller within 
the Inspection Period. There shall be no increase in the Purchase Price if 
the survey discloses that the Real Property contains more than the minimum 
acreage specified above.


Seller hereby agrees to cooperate with Buyer in securing the aforesaid 
tests, inspections and title binder. Seller also agrees to use its best 
efforts to satisfy the requirements of those Contingencies set forth in 
this Agreement prior to the end of the Inspection Period as herein defined. 
Within ten (10) days of the execution hereof, Seller shall deliver to Buyer 
copies of any and all surveys, title policies, and engineering and 
environmental reports that Seller or its representative may possess 
pertaining to the Real Property. Buyer shall not disclose directly or 
indirectly, verbally or in writing, the contents of the reports to any 
third party, except to its employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, 
consultants and/or other persons or entities for the purposes of conducting 
the due diligence investigations contemplated herein and closing of the 
sale contemplated hereby, or except as required by law (including the 
public records laws) or in response to an order of the court of competent 
jurisdiction or government agency, provided that Buyer shall promptly 
advise Seller of any such order to provide Seller with an opportunity to 
contest it.


(e) Appraisal. Receipt by Buyer, in its sole discretion, within the 
Inspection Period of an appraisal of the Real Property and other Assets 
performed by appraiser(s) acceptable to Buyer valuing the Real Property and 
other Assets for a sum not less than the Purchase Price, in the absence of 
which Buyer may elect to terminate this Agreement without further 
liability.


(f) Inspection Period. Determination by Buyer, in its sole discretion, 
within the Inspection Period, which period shall begin on the Effective 
Date and end on the Closing Date, that besides the other Contingencies 
described in (a) through (e) above, the Real Property and other Assets are 
otherwise in good condition and are feasible for their intended use, by 
certain due diligence investigations, which may include, but not be limited 
to, zoning, existence of appeals, availability of utilities, access to 
publicly dedicated streets, and tests of the tangible
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
personal property and leased equipment described on schedules 1.1(b) and 
(c). Buyer, during the Inspection Period and as set forth in Section 
8.1(c), may elect to terminate this Agreement without further liability.


On or before the expiration of the Inspection Period, Buyer shall advise 
Seller that (x) all of the Contingencies have been satisfied or have been 
waived, or (y) the Contingencies have not been satisfied, in which case 
this Agreement shall be null and void.


If Buyer timely advises Seller in writing that such Contingencies have not 
been satisfied or Seller is unable to meet the other requirements and 
conditions of this Agreement, this Agreement shall terminate without 
liability on the part of any party.



ARTICLE VII.
SELLERS CONDITION PRECEDENT


Unless waived by Seller, the obligation of Seller to effect the 
transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the fulfillment at or 
prior to the Closing of the following additional conditions:

7.1 Notification. Between the Effective Date and the Closing Date, Buyer 
promptly notifies Seller of the occurrence of any breach of any covenant of 
Buyer in this Article VII or of the occurrence of any event that may make 
the satisfaction of the conditions in this Agreement impossible or 
unlikely.


7.2 Efforts. Between the Effective Date and the Closing Date, Buyer will 
use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the conditions in this 
Article VII to be satisfied.


7.3 Accuracy of Representations. Buyers representations and warranties in 
this Agreement must have been accurate as of both the Effective Date and 
Closing Date.


7.4 Satisfaction of Covenants. Each of the covenants and obligations that 
Buyer is required to perform or to comply with pursuant to this Agreement 
at or prior to the Closing must have been duly performed and complied with.


7.5 Deliveries. Buyer must have delivered each of the items required to be 
delivered by Buyer pursuant to Section 5.3.



ARTICLE VIII.
TERMINATION


8.1. Termination Events. This Agreement may, by written notice given prior 
to or at the Closing, be terminated:

(a) by mutual consent of Buyer and Seller;
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) by either Buyer or Seller, if a material breach of any provision of 
this Agreement has been committed by the other party, upon 5 days prior 
written notice (during which the party in breach may cure such breach), and 
such breach has not been waived;


(c) by Buyer if any of the conditions in Article VI have not been satisfied 
as of the Closing Date or if satisfaction of such a condition is or becomes 
impossible and Buyer has not waived such condition on or before the Closing 
Date; or


(d) by Seller, if any of the conditions in Article VII have not been 
satisfied as of the Termination Date or if satisfaction of such a condition 
is or becomes impossible (other than through the failure of Seller to 
comply with its obligations under this Agreement) and Seller has not waived 
such condition on or before the Closing Date.


8.2. Effect of Termination. Each partys right of termination under 
Section 8.1 is in addition to any other rights it may have under this 
Agreement or otherwise, and the exercise of a right of termination will not 
be an election of remedies. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to 
Section 8.1, all further obligations of the parties under this Agreement 
will terminate; provided, however, that if this Agreement is terminated by 
a party because of the breach of the Agreement by the other party or 
because one or more of the conditions to the terminating partys 
obligations under this Agreement is not satisfied as a result of the other 
partys failure to comply with its obligations under this Agreement, the 
terminating partys right to pursue all legal remedies will survive such 
termination unimpaired and such party shall be entitled to be reimbursed 
for its expenses incurred prior to the date of such termination in 
connection with the Agreement.



ARTICLE IX.
POST-CLOSING COVENANTS


9.1. Indemnification by Seller. From and after the Closing, Seller agrees 
to indemnify, defend and save Buyer and its respective Affiliates and each 
of its respective officers, directors, employees, agents and fiduciaries 
(each, a Buyer Indemnified Party), forever harmless from and against, and 
to pay to a Buyer Indemnified Party or reimburse a Buyer Indemnified Party 
for (in either case within ten days of its receipt of notice in accordance 
with the terms of this Article from any Buyer Indemnified Party), any and 
all liabilities (whether contingent, fixed or unfixed, liquidated or 
unliquidated, or otherwise), obligations, deficiencies, demands, claims, 
suits, actions, or causes of action, assessments, losses, costs, expenses, 
interest, fines, penalties, actual or punitive damages or costs or expenses 
of any and all investigations, proceedings, judgments, environmental 
analyses, remediations, settlements and compromises (including reasonable 
fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants and other experts) actually 
sustained or incurred by any Buyer Indemnified Party relating to, resulting 
from, arising out of or otherwise by virtue of any of the following:

(a) any misrepresentation or breach of a representation or warranty 
contained in this Agreement or in the Transaction Documents by Seller, or 
non-compliance with or breach by Seller of any of the covenants or 
agreements contained in this Agreement or the Transaction Documents to be 
performed by Seller or any of its Affiliates;
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) the ownership and operation of the Assets and the Excluded Assets, on 
or prior to the Closing Date (including without limitation obligations 
under the Assumed Contracts accruing prior to the Closing);


(c) any Tax liability of Seller;


(d) any violations of or obligations under Environmental and Safety 
Requirements relating to acts, omissions, circumstances or conditions to 
the extent existing or arising on or prior to the Closing Date, whether or 
not such acts, omissions, circumstances or conditions constituted a 
violation of Environmental and Safety Requirements as then in effect; and


(e) any claim for payment of fees and/or expenses as a broker or finder in 
connection with the origin, negotiation, execution or consummation of this 
Agreement based upon any alleged agreement between the claimant and Seller.



ARTICLE X.
MISCELLANEOUS


10.1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have 
the meaning set forth below:

Affiliate means an affiliate as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended, and includes any past and present Affiliate of a 
Person.


Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.


Hazardous Materials means (a) hazardous materials, hazardous substances, 
extremely hazardous substances or hazardous wastes, as those terms are 
defined by the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and 
Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. §9601 et seq., the Resource Conservation and 
Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. §6901 et seq., and any other Environmental and 
Safety Requirements; (b) petroleum, including crude oil or any fraction 
thereof which is liquid at standard conditions of temperature and pressure 
(60 degrees Fahrenheit and 14.7 pounds per square inch absolute); (c) any 
radioactive material, including any source, special nuclear, or by-product 
material as defined in 42 U.S.C. §2011 et seq.; (d) asbestos in any form or 
condition; and (e) any other material, substance or waste to which 
liability or standards of conduct may be imposed under any Environmental 
and Safety Requirements.


Liens means any claims, liens, charges, restrictions, options, preemptive 
rights, mortgages, hypothecations, assessments, pledges, encumbrances or 
security interests of any kind or nature whatsoever.


Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to any Person or property, a 
material adverse effect on the prospects, financial or physical condition 
or results of operations of such Person or property.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Person means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, joint 
venture, trust, undertaking, unincorporated association, corporation, 
entity, organization or Governmental Authority.


Tax means any federal, state, local or foreign income, gross receipts, 
franchise, estimated, alternative minimum, add-on minimum, sales, use, 
transfer, registration, value added, excise, natural resources, severance, 
stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profit, environmental, customs, 
duties, real property, personal property, capital stock, social security, 
unemployment, disability, payroll, license, employee or other withholding, 
or other tax, of any kind whatsoever, including any interest, penalties or 
additions to tax or additional amounts in respect of the foregoing; the 
foregoing shall include any transferee or secondary liability for a Tax and 
any liability assumed by agreement or arising as a result of being (or 
ceasing to be) a member of any Affiliated Group, as defined in Section 1504 
of the Code (or being included, or required to be included, in any tax 
return relating thereto).


Transaction Documents means this Agreement and all agreements and 
instruments contemplated by and being delivered pursuant to or in 
connection with this Agreement.


10.2. Notices, Consents, etc. Any notices, consents or other communication 
required to be sent or given hereunder by any of the parties shall in every 
case be in writing and shall be deemed properly served if (a) delivered 
personally, (b) sent by registered or certified mail, in all such cases 
with first class postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (c) delivered 
by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (d) sent by 
facsimile transmission to the parties at the addresses as set forth below 
or at such other addresses as may be furnished in writing.
 
   	(i) 	  	If to Seller: 	   	
   	 	  	Vista Holdings, LLC 	   	
   	 	  	10304 Interstate 10 East, Suite 369 	   	
   	 	  	Houston, Texas 77029 	   	
   	 	  	Attention: Philip S. Chan 	   	
   	 	  	Tel: 713.378.2000 	   	
   	 	  	Fax: 713.378.3155 	   	

 Copies to:

   	 	  	Legal Department 	   	
   	 	  	10304 Interstate 10 East, Suite 369 	   	
   	 	  	Houston, Texas 77029 	   	
   	 	  	Attention: David W. Farley 	   	
   	 	  	Tel: 713.378.2012 	   	
   	 	  	Fax: 713.673.6432 	   	
   	 	  	Henry S. Miller Commercial 	   	
   	 	  	3050 Post Oak, Suite 150 	   	
   	 	  	Houston, Texas 77056 	   	
   	 	  	Attention: M. Bruce Jester 	   	
   	 	  	Tel: 713.626.2828 	   	
   	 	  	Fax: 713.386.1071 	   	
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	 	  	The Carter Law Firm 	   	
   	 	  	1314 Texas Avenue, Suite 1110 	   	
   	 	  	Houston, Texas 77002 	   	
   	 	  	Attention: Eric G. Carter, Esq. 	   	
   	 	  	Tel: 713.227.0042 	   	
   	 	  	Fax: 713.227.7001 	   	
   	(ii) 	  	If to Buyer: 	   	
   	 	  	Division of Administration, 	   	
   	 	  	Facility Planning and Control 	   	
   	 	  	P.O. Box 94095 	   	
   	 	  	Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70804 	   	
   	 	  	1201 North Third Street, Claiborne Building 	   	
   	 	  	Suite 7-160 	   	
   	 	  	Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70802 	   	
   	 	  	Attention: Denise G. Marrero 	   	
   	 	  	Tel: 225-342-0821 	   	
   	 	  	Fax: 225-342-7624 	   	

 with a copy to:

   	 	  	Kantrow, Spaht, Weaver & Blitzer (APLC) 	   	
   	 	  	Suite 300, City Plaza 	   	
   	 	  	445 North Boulevard 	   	
   	 	  	Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70821 	   	
   	 	  	Attn.: Lee C. Kantrow 	   	
   	 	  	Telephone: 225-383-4703 	   	
   	 	  	Fax: 225-343-0637 	   	


Date of service of such notice shall be (A) the date such notice is 
personally delivered, (B) three days after the date of mailing if sent by 
certified or registered mail, (C) one day after date of delivery to the 
overnight courier if sent by overnight courier or (D) the next succeeding 
day after transmission by facsimile.


10.3 Certain Taxes. Seller will pay all transfer taxes and other taxes and 
charges, if any, which may become payable in connection with the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


10.4 Remedies Not Exclusive. No remedy conferred by any of the specific 
provisions of this Agreement or the Transaction Documents is intended to be 
exclusive of any other remedy. Each such remedy shall be cumulative, and in 
addition to every other such remedy or any other remedy existing at law or 
in equity.


10.5 Severability and Reformation. The unenforceability or invalidity of 
any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the enforceability or 
validity of any other provision. If any of the transactions contemplated 
herein or provisions hereof violates any applicable law, then the
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
parties hereto agree to negotiate in good faith such changes to the 
structure and terms of the transactions provided for in this Agreement or 
the Transaction Documents as may be necessary to make these transactions, 
as restructured, lawful under applicable laws and regulations, without 
materially disadvantaging either party. The parties to this Agreement shall 
execute and deliver all documents or instruments necessary to effect or 
evidence the provisions of this Section 10.5.


10.6 Amendment and Waiver. This Agreement may be amended, or any provision 
of this Agreement may be waived, provided that any such amendment or waiver 
will be binding on a party hereto only if such amendment or waiver is set 
forth in a writing executed by such party. The waiver by any party hereto 
of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be 
construed as a waiver of any other breach.


10.7 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously via 
facsimile or otherwise in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be 
deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the 
same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts 
have been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to the other.


10.8 Expenses. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, each of 
the parties shall pay all costs and expenses incurred or to be incurred by 
it, him or her, as the case may be, in negotiating and preparing this 
Agreement and in closing and carrying out the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement.


10.9 Construction. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in 
accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, 
interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by, the 
laws of the State of Louisiana, without giving effect to provisions thereof 
regarding conflict of laws.


10.10 Headings. The subject headings of Articles and Sections of this 
Agreement are included for purposes of convenience only and shall not 
affect the construction or interpretation of any of its provisions.


10.11 Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party 
without the prior written consent of the other party, except that Buyer may 
assign this Agreement to an agency or instrumentality of the State of 
Louisiana, including without limitation the Board of Supervisors of 
Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College.


10.12 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Preamble and all the Schedules 
attached to this Agreement (all of which shall be deemed incorporated in 
the Agreement and made a part hereof) set forth the entire understanding of 
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and shall not be 
modified or affected by any offer, proposal, statement or representation, 
oral or written, made by or for any party in connection with the 
negotiation of the terms hereof, and may be modified only by instruments 
signed by all of the parties hereto.


10.13 Third Parties. Nothing herein expressed or implied is intended or 
shall be construed to confer upon or give to any Person, other than the 
parties to this Agreement and their respective permitted successors and 
assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.14 No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be 
deemed to be the language chosen by the parties hereto to express their 
mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction will be applied against 
any party hereto.


10.15 Jurisdiction, Venue, and Choice of Law. The parties agree that venue 
and jurisdiction for any legal disputes regarding the enforcement of this 
Agreement shall lie in the state district courts of East Baton Rouge 
Parish, Louisiana. This Agreement shall be enforced and interpreted 
according to the laws of the State of Louisiana, without regard to its 
conflict of laws provisions.


10.16 Intervention by Parent. Now unto these presents comes Dynacq 
Healthcare, Inc., a Nevada corporation, which represents that it owns all 
of the membership interests of Seller.


[Signatures appear on following page]
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the 
Effective Date, although not necessarily executed on the Effective Date.
 
SELLER:
VISTA HOLDINGS, LLC
By: 	  	

/s/ Philip S. Chan
  	Phillip S. Chan
Its: 	  	President
BUYER:
STATE OF LOUISIANA
By: 	  	

/s/ Jerry W. Jones
  	Jerry W. Jones, Director
  	Facility Planning and Control, Division of Administration
INTERVENOR:
DYNACQ HEALTHCARE, INC.
By: 	  	

/s/ Philip S. Chan
  	Philip S. Chan
  	Printed Name
Its: 	  	Vice President
 
21