 EX-10.79 4 file4.htm AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT



AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, made as of November 13, 2007 (this Agreement
), by and between Castle Brands Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), and Alfred J. Small (the Executive), an individual residing at 
12 Inwood Road, Glen Cove, New York, 11542.

In consideration of the mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, the 
parties hereto agree as follows:


AGREEMENT:

1. Employment. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company agrees 
to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to accept such employment as 
Senior Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and, if so requested by the 
Board of Directors, Principal Financial Officer, of the Company. As such, 
Executive will have responsibility for such job-related duties as will be 
assigned to Executive from time to time by the Board of Directors or 
President of the Company or their respective designees.

2. Performance of Services. Executive agrees that throughout the term of 
his employment hereunder he will devote his full business time, attention, 
knowledge and skills, faithfully, diligently and to the best of his 
ability, in furtherance of the business of the Company and its direct or 
indirect subsidiaries and will perform the duties assigned to him from time 
to time pursuant to Section 1 hereof, subject, at all times, to the 
direction and control of the Board of Directors or President of the Company 
or their respective designees, and to the policies of the Company generally 
applicable to its executives. During the term of his employment hereunder, 
Executive will not accept other employment or permit his personal business 
interests to materially interfere with his duties hereunder.

3. Term. Executive will be employed for a term commencing on November 13, 
2007 (the Effective Date) and ending on March 19, 2010 (the Term), 
unless his employment is terminated prior to the expiration of the Term 
pursuant to Section 6 hereof. At the end of the term, if the Company does 
not offer to renew Executives employment hereunder for an additional three 
years, on substantially the same terms, the Company shall continue to pay 
to Executive his Base Salary, benefits for a period of six (6) months after 
expiration of the Term.

4. Compensation. During the Term of this Agreement the Company agrees to 
pay to Executive:

(a) Salary. A salary (the Base Salary) at the rate of US$175,000 per 
year, payable in accordance with the Companys standard payroll practices 
for executives as in effect from time to time; provided that such Base 
Salary shall be increased to US$195,000 as of November 15, 2008. Such Base 
Salary may be increased (but not decreased), in the sole discretion of the 
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, on the 
basis of periodic reviews, which shall occur no less frequently than on an 
annual basis.

(b) Stock Option Grants. Executive shall be entitled to options to purchase 
Common Stock of the Company to the extent granted by the Compensation 
Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(c) Incentive Bonus. In each fiscal year, the Executive shall be eligible 
to receive an annual performance bonus equal to up to 60% of the Base 
Salary in effect on March 31 of such fiscal year, subject to successful 
achievement of goals and objectives to be agreed upon by the Executive and 
the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, 
payable in accordance with the Companys standard practices for executives 
as in effect from time to time.

(d) Vacation. Executive shall be entitled to twenty (20) paid vacation days 
in each calendar year, plus paid Company holidays.

(e) Other Benefits. Executive will be entitled to participate, to the 
extent he is eligible under the terms and conditions thereof, in all 
profit-sharing, hospitalization, insurance, medical, disability, or other 
fringe benefit or executive perquisite plans generally available to other 
senior executives of the Company.

5. Expenses. The Company will reimburse Executive for all expenses 
reasonably incurred by him in connection with the performance of his duties 
hereunder and the business of the Company (including, without limitation, 
reasonable AICPA membership expenses and continuing professional education 
programs) upon the submission to the Company of appropriate invoices 
therefor, all in accordance with the Companys policies and procedures as 
in effect from time to time for senior executives of the Company.

6. Termination.

(a) Termination by the Company Without Cause. The Company may terminate the 
employment of Executive hereunder at any time without Cause (as hereinafter 
defined). Notice of any such termination must be in writing and will be 
effective upon receipt by Executive. In the event that the employment of 
Executive is terminated pursuant to this Section 6(a) and if Executive 
fully complies with Sections 7, 9, 10 and 22 of this Agreement, the Company 
will continue to pay to Executive the Base Salary per annum as in effect on 
the date of such termination, in accordance with the standard payroll 
practices of the Company as in effect from time to time, for a term of 
twelve (12) months immediately following the date of such termination. In 
addition, in the event that the employment of Executive is terminated 
pursuant to this clause (a), the annual incentive bonus described in 
Section 4(c) will be paid, if any, to Executive with respect to the year in 
which termination occurs (pro rated for the portion of the year in which 
Executive was so employed). If Executive fully complies with Sections 7, 9, 
10 and 22 of this Agreement, the Company shall during the twelve (12) month 
period immediately following termination of Executive pursuant to this 
clause (a), to the extent permissible under any relevant benefit plans of 
the Company, continue to provide participation to Executive in all other 
benefits provided for under Section 4(e) hereof, at the Companys expense. 
If Executive fully complies with Sections 7, 9, 10 and 22 of this 
Agreement, on the date of termination pursuant to this Section 6(a), the 
vesting of any options held by Executive shall accelerate with respect to 
the number of shares of the Companys common stock that equals (x) the 
number of shares that would have vested during the 12 months following 
termination of Executive pursuant to this Section 6(a) multiplied by (y) a 
fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full calendar months that 
have elapsed since the last vesting date or the original issue date (if a 
vesting date has not occurred) and the denominator of which is the number 
of full calendar months from the last vesting date or the original issue 
date (if a vesting date has not occurred) to the vesting date occurring 
during the 12 months following termination. Further, if Executive
 
 
-2-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


fully complies with Sections 7, 9, 10 and 22 of this Agreement, any stock 
option held by Executive that is vested at the time of Executives 
termination pursuant to this Section 6(a) (including any portion of such 
option for which vesting was accelerated pursuant to the preceding 
sentence) will be exercisable until the earlier to occur of (i) the 
expiration date of such option pursuant to its terms and (ii) twelve (12) 
months following the date of termination pursuant to this Section 6(a).

(b) Termination by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate the 
employment of Executive hereunder for Cause (as hereinafter defined). 
Executive shall be entitled to thirty (30) days prior written notice of the 
Companys intent to terminate Executive hereunder and the right to address 
and/or cure such Cause during such thirty (30) day notice period. Any 
notice of intent to terminate for Cause must specify the particular grounds 
therefor in reasonable detail. In the event that the employment of 
Executive is terminated pursuant to this clause (b), the Company will pay 
to Executive the amount of all accrued but unpaid Base Salary to the date 
of such termination, but no annual incentive bonus will be paid with 
respect to (x) the year in which termination occurs, or (y) the immediately 
prior year if Executive is terminated under this clause (b) prior to 
payment of the bonus applicable to such prior year. As used herein, Cause
 means Executives (i) personal dishonesty, (ii) willful misconduct, (iii) 
breach of fiduciary duty, (iv) failure to substantially perform assigned 
duties relating to Executives performance hereunder (other than any such 
failure owing to Executive becoming Disabled (as hereinafter defined)) as 
reasonably determined by a majority of the entire Compensation Committee of 
the Board of Directors of the Company, after consultation with the Chief 
Executive Officer of the Company, (v) conviction of, or the entry by the 
Executive of any plea of guilty or nolo contendre to, any felony or other 
lesser crime that would require removal from his position at the Company 
(e.g. any alcohol or drug related misdemeanor) or (vi) material breach of 
any provision of this Agreement as reasonably determined by the 
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, after 
consultation with the Chief Executive Officer; provided, however, that in 
any of the foregoing circumstances, Executive has failed to cure such Cause 
within the fifteen (15) day period referenced in the second sentence of 
this Section 6(b). In the event Executive is terminated for Cause solely 
pursuant to (iv) or (vi) above, any stock option held by Executive that is 
vested at the time of such termination may be exercised until the earlier 
to occur of (i) the expiration date of such option pursuant to its terms 
and (ii) one year after such termination. In the event Executive is 
terminated for Cause other than solely pursuant to (iv) or (vi) above, any 
stock option held by Executive shall immediately expire and no longer be 
exercisable upon such termination.

(c) Termination by Executive. Executive may terminate his employment 
hereunder (x) at any time without cause or (y) for Good Reason (as 
hereinafter defined). Notice of any such termination must be in writing and 
will be effective sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company or such 
earlier date as may be specified by the Company after receipt of such 
notice. In the event that Executive terminates employment pursuant to 
subclause (x) of this clause (c), the Company will pay to Executive the 
amount of all accrued but unpaid Base Salary to the date of such 
termination, but no annual incentive bonus will be paid with respect to the 
year in which termination occurs. In the event that Executive terminates 
employment hereunder pursuant to subclause (y) of this clause (c) and 
Executive fully complies with Sections 7, 9, 10 and 22 of this Agreement, 
Executive will be entitled to the same salary, benefits and bonus payments 
as would be provided were he to be terminated by the Company without Cause 
pursuant to Section 6(a) above. Further, in the event Executive terminates 
his
 
 
-3-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


employment hereunder for Good Reason or without cause and Executive fully 
complies with Sections 7, 9, 10 and 22 of the Agreement, any stock option 
held by Executive that is vested at the time of Executives termination 
will be exercisable until the earlier to occur of (A) the expiration date 
of such option pursuant to its terms and (B) one year following the 
termination of Executives employment. As used herein, Good Reason means 
a termination by Executive of Executives employment hereunder within 
thirty (30) days after (i) any material diminution in the nature, title or 
status of Executives job responsibilities from those in effect on the 
Effective Date or the most recent anniversary thereof, (ii) dissolution or 
divestiture of all or a significant portion of the Company or other 
material change in the Company, which in each case would materially 
adversely diminish the nature, title or status of Executives job 
responsibilities, (iii) relocation by the Company of the Executives office 
to any location not within fifty (50) miles from Executives principal 
place of employment as of the Effective Date or (iv) the Companys material 
breach of any provision of this Agreement which is not cured within fifteen 
(15) business days after written notice thereof from Executive to the 
Company.

(d) Termination Upon Death. This Agreement will terminate automatically on 
the death of Executive. In the event that the employment of Executive is 
terminated pursuant to this clause (d), the Company will promptly pay to 
the representative of Executive the amount of all accrued but unpaid Base 
Salary to the date of such termination, the annual incentive bonus, if any, 
described in Section 4(c) with respect to the year in which termination 
occurs (pro rated for the portion of the year in which Executive was so 
employed), and an amount equal to six (6) months Base Salary. Further, any 
stock option held by Executive that is vested at the time of death will be 
exercisable by Executives personal representative or estate for a period 
of two (2) years from date of death and all unvested stock options held by 
Executive shall fully vest and be exercisable by Executives personal 
representative or estate for a period of two years from date of death.

(e) Termination by the Company by Reason of Disability. The Company may 
terminate the employment of Executive hereunder after Executive becomes 
Disabled. Notice of any such termination must be in writing and will be 
effective thirty (30) days after receipt by Executive. In the event that 
the employment of Executive is terminated pursuant to this clause (e), the 
Company will pay to Executive or his representative the amount of all 
accrued but unpaid Base Salary to the date of such termination less the 
amount, if any, received by Executive from any disability insurance 
maintained by the Company, the annual incentive bonus described in Section 
4(c), if any, with respect to the year in which termination occurs (pro 
rated for the portion of the year in which Executive was so employed) and 
an amount equal to one years Base Salary to be paid as a lump sum on 
termination. Further, any stock option held by Executive that is vested at 
the time of termination for disability will be exercisable for a period of 
two (2) years from date of such termination for disability and all unvested 
stock options held by Executive shall fully vest and be exercisable for a 
period of two (2) years from date of termination for disability. As used 
herein, the term Disabled means Executive becoming physically or mentally 
disabled or incapacitated to the extent that he has been or will be unable 
to perform his duties hereunder on account of such disabilities or 
incapacitation for a continuous period of six (6) months as determined by a 
qualified independent physician or group of physicians selected by the 
Company and approved by Executive or his representative, such approval not 
to be unreasonably withheld.
 
 
-4-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(f) Change of Control. A Change of Control shall have occurred if: (i) 
any person (as such term is used in Section 13(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) becomes the 
beneficial owner (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange 
Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 
more than thirty-five percent (35%) of the aggregate voting power of the 
Companys then outstanding securities, other than by acquisition directly 
from the Company; (ii) there has been a merger or equivalent combination 
involving the Company after which forty-nine percent (49%) or more of the 
voting stock of the surviving corporation is held by persons other than 
former shareholders of the Company; (iii) during any period of two 
consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period were 
members of the Board of Directors of the Company cease for any reason to 
constitute at least a majority thereof (unless the appointment, election, 
or the nomination for election by the Companys stockholders, of each 
director elected during such consecutive two-year period was approved by a 
vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were 
directors at the beginning of such period); or (iv) the Company sells or 
disposes of all or substantially all of its assets. In the event that the 
employment of Executive is terminated following or in connection with a 
Change in Control either by the Executive for Good Reason or by the Company 
or its successor without Cause, the Company or its successor, as 
applicable, will continue to pay to Executive the Base Salary per annum as 
in effect on the date of such termination, in accordance with the standard 
payroll practices of the Company as in effect from time to time, for a term 
of twenty-four (24) months following the date of such termination. During 
such twenty-four (24) month period, the Company shall continue to provide 
participation to the Executive in all other benefits provided for under 
Section 4(e) hereof. In addition, in the event that the employment of 
Executive is terminated pursuant to this clause (f), the annual incentive 
bonus described in Section 4(c) will be paid to Executive with respect to 
the year in which termination occurs (pro rated for the portion of the year 
in which Executive was so employed). Further, all unvested stock options 
will vest without further action on the date of termination and all stock 
options shall be exercisable during the remainder of their original terms.

(g) Release and No Further Obligations. As a condition to the payments and 
other consideration provided to Executive under each clause of this Section 
6, the Executive shall have executed and delivered to the Company the form 
of general release attached hereto as Exhibit A. Except as otherwise 
expressly provided in this Agreement and that certain Stock Option 
Agreement, dated as of even date hereof, by and between the Company and 
Executive, from and after the effective date of any termination of 
Executives employment hereunder pursuant to this Section 6, the Company 
will have no further obligations (for the payment of money or otherwise) to 
Executive or his representative, as applicable.

7. Confidentiality.

(a) Executive will not, at any time following the Effective Date, 
regardless of whether Executive continues to be employed by the Company 
and, if Executives employment has been terminated, regardless of the 
manner, reason, time or cause thereof, directly or indirectly reveal, 
report, publish, disclose, transfer or furnish to any person not entitled 
to receive the same for the immediate benefit of the Company any 
Proprietary Information (as hereinafter defined). The term Proprietary 
Information means all information of any nature whatsoever, and in any 
form, which at the time or times concerns or relates to any aspect of any 
business that the Company, or its direct or indirect subsidiaries are 
involved in or
 
 
-5-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


actively contemplating (the Business) and which is confidential or 
proprietary to the Company. Proprietary Information includes, but is not 
limited to, items, materials and information concerning the following: 
marketing plans or strategies; budgets; designs; promotional strategies; 
client preferences and policies; creative activities for clients; concepts; 
intellectual property and trade secrets; product plans; financial 
information and all documentation, reports and data (recorded in any form) 
relating to the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Proprietary 
Information does not include any information to the extent it becomes 
publicly known through no fault of Executive or any information which 
Executive is required to disclose as a result of a subpoena or other legal 
process.

(b) Executive agrees that all memoranda, notes, records, papers or other 
documents, computer disks, computer software programs and the like and all 
copies thereof, relating to the Business (the Business Records) are and 
will be the sole and exclusive property of the Company or its direct or 
indirect subsidiaries, as the case may be. Except for use for the benefit 
of the Company or its direct or indirect subsidiaries, as the case may be. 
Executive will not copy or duplicate any of the Business Records, nor 
remove them from the facilities of the Company or its direct or indirect 
subsidiaries, as the case may be. Executive must comply with any and all 
procedures which the Company or its direct or indirect subsidiaries may 
adopt from time to time to preserve the confidentiality of Proprietary 
Information and the confidentiality of property of the types described 
immediately above, whether or not such property contains a legend 
indicating its confidential nature.

(c) Upon termination of Executives employment with the Company for any 
reason whatsoever and at any other time upon the Companys request, 
Executive (or his personal representative) must deliver to the Company all 
property described in this Section 7 which is in his possession or control.

8. Representation and Warranty. Executive represents and warrants to the 
Company that he is not a party to any employment agreement or other 
agreement which restricts, interferes with or impairs, or which might be 
claimed to restrict, interfere with or impair, in any way, Executives use 
of any information or Executives execution or performance of this 
Agreement.

9. Discoveries and Improvements. Executive acknowledges and agrees that all 
inventions, discoveries, and improvements, whether patentable or 
unpatentable, made, devised, or discovered by Executive, whether by 
himself, or jointly with others, from the date hereof until the expiration 
of the Term hereof, reasonably deemed to be directly related to or 
pertaining in any way to the Business, will be promptly disclosed in 
writing to the Chief Executive Officer (or such other officer as the Chief 
Executive Officer may designate) of the Company and will be the sole and 
exclusive property of the Company. Executive agrees to execute any 
assignments to the Company or its nominee of his entire right, title, and 
interest in and to any such inventions, discoveries, and improvements and 
to execute and deliver at the cost of the Company any other instruments and 
documents that may be requested by the Company that are requisite or 
desirable in applying for and obtaining patents, copyrights or trademarks, 
with respect thereto in the United States and in all foreign countries. 
Executive further agrees, whether or not in the employ of the Company, to 
cooperate, to the extent and in the manner requested by the Company, in the 
prosecution or defense of any patent, trademark or copyright claims or any 
litigation or other proceeding involving any inventions, trade secrets, 
processes,
 
 
-6-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


discoveries, or improvements covered by this Agreement, provided that all 
expenses thereof shall be paid by the Company.

10. Restrictive Covenants.

(a) Executive acknowledges and agrees that his position with the Company 
places him in a position of confidence and trust with respect to 
Proprietary Information. Executive consequently agrees that it is 
reasonable and necessary for the protection of the goodwill of the Business 
that Executive make the covenants contained herein. Accordingly, Executive 
agrees that, during the Term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve 
(12) months after the date of expiration or termination of Executives 
employment hereunder for any reason whatsoever, Executive will not, without 
the prior written consent of the Company and provided that the Company has 
not failed to make any payments to the Executive when due in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 6 hereof and otherwise comply with the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement, (i) employ, solicit or encourage to leave 
the employ of the Company, or to become employed by any person other than 
the Company, any employee of the Company, or any individual who was an 
employee of the Company during the one year prior to the termination or 
expiration of Executives employment, (ii) persuade or attempt to persuade 
any customer of the Company as of the date of the termination or expiration 
of Executives employment or during the one year prior to the termination 
or expiration of Executives employment to cease doing business with, or to 
reduce the amount of business it does with, the Company, or solicit the 
business of any of the Companys customers as of the date of the 
termination or expiration during the one year prior to the termination or 
expiration of Executives employment hereunder with respect to any product 
or service which competes with the products and services of the Company as 
of the date of termination of Executives employment or (iii)  compete with 
the Company as a consultant to, employee of, or equity participant in, any 
venture which competes with the Business within the United States of 
America. No provision of this Section 10 shall prohibit Executive from 
merely owning (i.e., having no participation or involvement in the 
management) no more than three percent (3%) of the outstanding equity 
securities of any actively traded public entity.

(b) Executive has carefully considered the nature and extent of the 
restrictions upon him and the rights and remedies conferred upon the 
Company under Sections 10 and 11 of this Agreement and hereby acknowledges 
and agrees that the same are reasonable in time and territory, are designed 
to avoid competition which otherwise would be unfair to the Company, do not 
stifle the inherent skill and experience of Executive, would not operate as 
a bar to Executives sole means of support, are required to protect the 
legitimate interests of the Company and do not confer a benefit upon the 
Company disproportionate to the benefit otherwise afforded Executive by 
this Agreement.

11. Certain Remedies. The parties hereto acknowledge that in the event of a 
breach or a threatened breach by Executive of any of his obligations under 
Sections 7, 9 or 10 of this Agreement the Company will not have an adequate 
remedy at law. Accordingly, in the event of any such breach or threatened 
breach by Executive, the Company will be entitled to such equitable and 
injunctive relief as may be available to restrain Executive and any 
business, firm, partnership, individual, corporation or entity 
participating in such breach or threatened breach from the violation of the 
provisions hereof, and nothing herein will be construed as prohibiting the 
Company from pursuing any other remedies available at law or in equity for 
such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of damages.
 
 
-7-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


12. Notices. All notices hereunder must be in writing and addressed to the 
Secretary of the Company at 570 Lexington Avenue, 29th Floor, New York, NY, 
10022 and to Executive at the address listed above. Each such address for 
notice may be changed by notice of such change given to the other party 
hereto. All such notices will be effective upon receipt.

13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of 
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes 
all prior or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, of the 
parties or affiliates hereto relating to the subject matter hereof. No 
amendment, waiver or modification hereof will be valid or binding unless 
made in writing and signed by the parties hereto (in the case of an 
amendment or modification) or by the party against whom enforcement is 
sought (in the case of a waiver).

14. Governing Law/Arbitration. This Agreement will be governed, interpreted 
and construed according to the internal laws of the State of New York 
without regard to conflict of laws principles. Any controversy or claim 
arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement or the breach thereof, must 
be promptly settled by arbitration by a panel of three (3) arbitrators in 
New York, New York, in accordance with the Commercial Rules of the American 
Arbitration Association then in effect, and judgment upon the award 
rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. It is 
expressly understood that the arbitrators will have the authority to grant 
legal and equitable relief, including both temporary restraints and 
preliminary injunctive relief to the same extent as could a court of 
competent jurisdiction, and that the arbitrators are empowered to order 
either side to fully cooperate in promptly resolving any controversies or 
claims under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of 
a breach or threatened breach by Executive of any provision of Section 7, 9 
or 10 of this Agreement, the Company will be entitled to seek an injunction 
from any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of New York and 
Executive hereby submits to the personal jurisdiction of any such court.

15. Severability. Should any part of this Agreement be held or declared to 
be void or illegal for any reason by an arbitrator or court of competent 
jurisdiction, such provision will be ineffective, but all other parts of 
this Agreement which can be effected without such illegal part will 
nevertheless remain in full force and effect. In such a case, the parties 
shall, and the court of competent jurisdiction may, replace the invalid 
provision with a legally permissible arrangement, which comes nearest to 
the intended purpose of the invalid provision.

16. Headings. The Section headings contained in this Agreement are for 
reference purposes only and will not affect the meaning or interpretation 
of this Agreement.

17. Withholding. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, all payments 
required to be made by the Company hereunder to Executive will be subject 
to withholding of such amounts relating to taxes (whether or not related to 
payments required to be made by the Company hereunder) as the Company may 
reasonably determine it should withhold pursuant to any applicable law or 
regulation.

18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original, but all of 
which will collectively constitute a single original.

19. No Reliance; Opportunity to Consult with Counsel. The parties hereto 
each represent to the other that in executing this Agreement each does not 
rely upon, and has not
 
 
-8-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


relied upon, any representation or statement not set forth herein with 
regard to the subject matter, basis or effect of this Agreement or 
otherwise. Executive acknowledges that he has had an opportunity to consult 
with an attorney of his choice prior to executing this Agreement.

20. No Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor the right to receive any 
payments hereunder may be assigned by Executive except as provided for 
herein. This Agreement will be binding upon Executive, his heirs, executors 
and administrators and upon the Company, its successors and assigns.

21. No Duty to Mitigate. Executive shall not be required to mitigate the 
amount of any damages that Executive may incur or other payments to be made 
to Executive hereunder as a result of any termination or expiration of this 
Agreement, nor shall any payments to Executive be reduced by any other 
payments Executive may receive.

22. Non-Disparagement. Executive agrees not to publicly criticize, 
denigrate or disparage the Company, its past and present direct and 
indirect subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns and all of their 
past and present employees, officers and directors. The Company agrees not 
to, and to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its past and 
present direct and indirect subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns 
and all of their past and present employees, officers and directors not to, 
publicly criticize, denigrate or disparage Executive.

23. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with any agreements executed 
by the Company and Executive in respect of awards under any equity, benefit 
or welfare plan, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the 
parties hereto regarding the employment of Executive. This Agreement 
supersedes all prior negotiations, discussions, correspondence, 
communications, understandings and agreements between the parties relating 
to the subject matter of this Agreement, including, without limitation, 
that certain Employment Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2007, by and 
between the Company and Executive.

24. Survival. The provisions of Sections 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 14, 15, 17, 20, 
21, 22, 23 and this Section 24 will survive the termination or expiration 
of this Agreement.

25. Failure to Utilize. The Company will have no obligation to use 
Executives services or the rights granted hereunder in connection 
therewith or otherwise, and the Company will be deemed to have fully 
satisfied its obligations hereunder by paying to Executive the compensation 
due Executive in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
 
 
-9-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed as of the day and year first above written.
 
Castle Brands Inc.
 
Executive
By: 

/s/ Seth Weinberg
 
By: 

/s/ Alfred J. Small
 
Name: 
Seth Weinberg
 
 
Name: Alfred J. Small
 
Title: 
Senior Vice President, General
Counsel & Secretary
 
 
 
 
 
-10-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT A


Form of General Release


GENERAL RELEASE

1. (a) As a condition to and in consideration of the payments and benefits 
described in Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, dated as of November 
13, 2007, between Castle Brands Inc. and me relating to my employment with 
Castle Brands Inc., and for other good and valuable consideration, I, with 
the intention of binding myself and my heirs, beneficiaries, trustees, 
administrators, executives, assigns and legal representatives 
(collectively, the Releasors), hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
release, remise, and forever discharge Castle Brands Inc. and its 
subsidiaries and affiliates, and the Releasees (as hereinafter defined) 
with respect to any and all agreements, promises, rights, liabilities, 
claims, and demands of any kind whatsoever (upon any legal or equitable 
theory, whether contractual, common law, or statutory, under federal, state 
or local law or otherwise), whether known or unknown, asserted or 
unasserted, fixed or contingent, apparent or concealed, that the Releasors 
ever had, now have or hereafter can, shall or may have for, upon, or by 
reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever existing, accruing, arising 
or occurring at any time on or prior to the date I execute this General 
Release, including, without limitation, (i) any and all rights and claims 
arising out of or in connection with my employment by Castle Brands Inc., 
the terms and conditions of such employment, or the termination of my 
employment; (ii) any and all contract claims, claims for bonuses, claims 
for severance allowances or entitlements; (iii) fraud claims, defamation, 
disparagement and other personal injury and tort claims; and (iv) claims 
under any federal, state, or municipal employee benefit, wage payment, 
discrimination, or fair employment practices law (e.g., on the basis of 
sex, religion, age, race, or disability), statute, or regulation, and 
claims for costs and expenses (including but not limited to experts fees 
and attorneys fees) with respect thereto. This General Release includes, 
without limitation, any and all rights and claims under the Title VII of 
the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the U.S. 
Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the U.S. Family and Medical Leave Act, the 
U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act, the U.S. Equal Pay Act, The Workers 
Adjustment and Notification Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit 
Protection Act of 1990, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Family and 
Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the New York 
Conscientious Employee Protection Act, the New York Equal Pay Act, the New 
York Smokers Rights Law, the New York Family Leave Act, the New York 
Genetic Privacy Act, and the New York Constitution, in each case as such 
laws have been or may be amended. Nothing in this General Release shall 
deprive me of any compensation that was earned but not paid prior to my 
termination; accrued benefits to which I have acquired a vested right under 
any employee benefit plan or policy, stock plan or deferred compensation 
arrangement; any other benefits or any health care continuation coverage to 
the extent required by applicable law; or any right that I may have under 
the Employment Agreement dated November 13, 2007.

(b) For purposes of this General Release, the term Castle Brands Inc. and 
the Releasees includes Castle Brands Inc., its past and present direct and 
indirect subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, and all of its and 
their past, preset, and future employees, officers,
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


directors, attorneys, agents, and legal representatives, whether acting as 
agents or in individual capacities, and this General Release shall inure to 
the benefit of and shall be binding and enforceable by all such entities 
and individuals.

2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this General Release, in the 
event that any of the parties released under this General Release initiates 
a lawsuit or other claim (each, an Original Lawsuit or Claim) against any 
of the Releasors, the Releasors may counterclaim or bring any lawsuit or 
other claim against such released party and/or Castle Brands Inc. and/or 
its subsidiaries so long as such counterclaim, lawsuit or other claim is 
related to the Original Lawsuit or Claim. Except as specifically stated in 
this Section 2, this Section 2 shall not effect the other provisions of 
this General Release

3. (a) Opportunity to Review. I acknowledge that before signing this 
General Release, I was given a period of at least twenty-one (21) days in 
which to review and consider it. I acknowledge that I was encouraged by 
Castle Brands Inc. to review this General Release, and that to the extent I 
wish to do so I have done so. I further acknowledge that I have read this 
General Release in its entirety, and that I fully understand the terms and 
legal effect of this General Release. I am entering into this General 
Release voluntarily and of my own free will. If I executed this General 
Release before the end of the twenty-one (21) day period, such early 
execution was completely voluntary, and I had reasonable and ample time in 
which to review this General Release.

(b) Revocability. I agree that, for a period of seven days after I sign 
this General Release (the Revocation Period), I have the right to revoke 
it by providing notice, in writing (delivered by hand or by overnight 
mail), to Castle Brands Inc., Attention: Chief Executive Officer. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, this General 
Release will not become effective and enforceable until after the 
expiration of the Revocation Period.
 
Date signed:
 
 
 
  	  	  	 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
2
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------