 EX-10 4 armond_102507.htm STEVEN ARMOND EMPLOYEMENT AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.1
 
STEVEN J. ARMOND
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
This Employment Agreement (Agreement) is entered into as of October 12, 
2007, by and between American CareSource Holdings, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the Company), and Steven J. Armond (Employee).
 
In consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions set forth herein, 
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of 
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:
 
1.
Employment. The Company hereby employs Employee in the capacity of Vice 
President, Chief Financial Officer. Employee accepts such employment and 
agrees to perform such services as are customary to such office and as 
shall from time to time be assigned to him by the President or CEO of the 
Company or the Chairman of the Companys Audit Committee. As CFO of the 
Company, the Employee will also report directly to and be accountable to 
the Audit Committee of the Company.
     
2.
Term. The employment hereunder shall be for a period beginning on the 
Commencement date and ending on the third anniversary of the commencement 
date (the Initial Term), unless earlier terminated as provided in Section 
5. This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive one-year 
periods upon the expiration of the Initial Term unless earlier terminated 
as provided in Section 5. Employees employment will be on a full-time 
business basis requiring the devotion of substantially all of his 
productive business time for the efficient and successful operation of the 
business of the Company with the exception of pre-approved positions such 
as outside board memberships, etc.
     
3.
Commencement Date. The Commencement Date is the first official day the 
Employee reports to work for the Company.
     
4.
Compensation and Benefits
     
 
4.1.
Salary. For the performance of Employees duties hereunder, the Company 
shall pay Employee an annual salary in the amount of $180,000 (the Base 
Compensation). The Employees salary will be reviewed annually with each 
anniversary date of the Commencement Date over the term of this employment 
contract. Alternatively, the Employees salary may be reviewed and adjusted 
at the annual Employee compensation review by the Companys Board of 
Directors Compensation Committee.
         
 
4.2.
Bonus Plan. Employee shall be entitled to annual bonus that is targeted to 
pay 40% of Base Compensation at the sole discretion of the Board of 
Directors of the Company or the Compensation Committee thereof pursuant to 
a bonus compensation plan provided in written detail to Employee within a 
reasonable time prior to the beginning of the period of time from which the 
performance of the Employee would be evaluated and measured for such bonus. 
For any partial years of employment the bonus will be pro rated according 
to the portion of the year employed. The Bonus Plan will be based on a 
combination of company performance and the obtainment of mutually agreed 
upon personal objectives outlined annually by the Employee and the CEO.
         
 
4.3.
Stock Options. From time to time the Company may grant to Employee options 
under the Companys Stock Option Plan to purchase shares of the Companys 
common stock at a stated exercise price per share. Any options granted will 
vest and be exercisable in accordance with a Stock Option Agreement to be 
executed pursuant to the Companys Stock Option Plan. Effective on the date 
of this Agreement, the Company shall grant to Employee an option under its 
Stock Option Plan to purchase 175,000 shares of Common Stock vesting 1/36
th per month
     
1
     
------------------------------------------------------------------------

    after the first month following the Commencement Date.. The strike
    price of the options will be set as the closing price on the
    Commencement Date.
         
 

4.4.
Benefits. Employee shall be entitled to such medical, disability and life 
insurance coverage and such vacation, sick leave and holiday benefits, if 
any, and any other benefits as are made available to the Companys 
personnel and Employee officers, all in accordance with the Companys 
benefits program in effect from time to time. Employee shall accrue four 
weeks of vacation over 12 months from Commencement Date. The Employee is 
responsible for paying the Employees portion of the benefit costs.
 
4.5.
Reimbursement of Expenses. Employee shall be entitled to be reimbursed for 
all reasonable expenses, including but not limited to expenses for travel, 
meals and entertainment, incurred by Employee in connection with and 
reasonably related to the furtherance of the Companys business. Employee 
shall submit expense reports and receipts documenting the expenses incurred 
in accordance with Company policy.
5.
Change of Control. In the event of a Change of Control of the Company (as 
defined below), all options and other equity incentives then granted to 
Employee, if any, which are unvested at the date of the Change of Control 
shall immediately vest and be exercisable.

  In addition, , in the event of a Change of Control, within one month
  following a Change of Control, the Company will promptly pay Employee, in
  lieu of the amounts required under Section 6.2 , payable in a lump sum
  immediately upon such termination of employment, equal to twelve (12)
  months base compensation as well as any pro rata bonus earned for the
  current year. In addition, the company will continue all benefits for a
  period of twelve (12) months at the same cost to the Employee under the
  current plan.
   
  As used herein, a Change of Control of the Company shall mean any of
  the following: (i) the acquisition by any person (individual, entity or
  group) of direct or beneficial ownership of more than 50% of the then
  outstanding shares of the Company and, for this purpose, the terms
  person and beneficial ownership shall have the meanings provided in
  Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or related
  rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission; (ii) the
  commencement of or public announcement of an intention to make a tender
  or exchange offer for more than 50% of the then outstanding Shares of the
  common stock of the Company; (iii) a sale of all or substantially all of
  the assets of the Company; or (iv) the Board of Directors of the Company,
  in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that there has been a
  sufficient change in the stock ownership of the Company to constitute a
  change in control of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
  following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control: (1)
  any spinoff or dividend distribution transaction separating the Company
  from its parent; (2) any acquisition by the Company; or (3) any
  acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or
  maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company.
 
6.
Termination
 
 
6.1
Termination Events. The employment hereunder will terminate upon the 
occurrence of any of the following events (the Termination Event):
 
            (a)        Employee dies, in which case the Company shall
            continue to pay the Base Compensation to the estate of the
            Employee for a period of ninety (90) days after such death;
             
            (b)        The Company, by written notice to Employee or his
            personal representative, discharges Employee due to the
            inability to continue to perform the duties previously assigned
            to him prior to such injury or disability hereunder for a
            continuous period exceeding 180 days by reason of injury,
            physical or mental illness or other disability, which condition
            has been certified by a physician acceptable to the Company;
            provided, however, that prior to
             
2
             
------------------------------------------------------------------------

            discharging Employee due to such disability, the Company shall
            give a written statement of findings to Employee or his
            personal representative setting forth specifically the nature
            of the disability and the resulting performance failures, and
            Employee shall have a period of thirty (30) days thereafter to
            respond in writing to the Companys findings, whereupon the
            Company shall conduct a reasonable and fair hearing with the
            Employee and any supporting witnesses and evidence for the
            Employee to reach a final determination;
             
            (c)        Employee is discharged by the Company for Cause.
            As used in this Agreement, the term Cause shall mean:
             
 
(i)
Employees final and unappealed conviction of (or pleading guilty or nolo 
contendere to) any felony or a misdemeanor involving dishonesty or moral 
turpitude; provided, however, that prior to discharging Employee for Cause, 
the Company shall give a written statement of findings to Employee setting 
forth specifically the grounds on which Cause is based, and Employee shall 
have a period of ten (10) days thereafter to respond in writing to the 
Companys findings; or
               
 
(ii)
The discovery of issues concerning the Employee that would harm the 
companys reputation, jeopardize its credibility with investors or clients, 
or give cause to question the integrity and reputation of the Employee. 
This includes, without limitation, items contained in Employees 
application and resume and other items for which the Employee should have 
notified the employer of the existence of such facts or circumstances prior 
to employment. Employee shall have a period of ten (10) days thereafter to 
respond in writing to the Companys findings; or
               
 
(iii)
The willful and continued failure of Employee to substantially perform his 
duties with the Company (other than any such failure resulting from illness 
or disability) after written demand of no less than ten (10) days for 
substantial performance is requested by the Company, which demand 
specifically identifies the manner in which it is claimed Employee has not 
substantially performed his duties, or
     
 
(iv)
Employee is willfully and continuously engaged in material misconduct which 
has, or would reasonably be expected to have, a direct and material adverse 
monetary effect on the Company. For purposes of this Section 5, no act or 
failure to act on Employees part shall be considered willful if done, or 
omitted to be done, by Employee in good faith and with reasonable belief 
that Employees action or omission was in, or not opposed to, the best 
interest of the Company. No termination shall be effected for Cause 
unless Employee has been provided with specific written information as to 
the acts or omissions which form the basis of the allegation of for 
Cause, and Employee has had an opportunity to be heard, with counsel if 
he so desired, before the Company determines, by majority vote, in good 
faith, that Employee was guilty of conduct constituting for Cause as 
herein defined, specifying the particulars thereof in detail.
           
            (d)        Employee is discharged by Company without Cause,
            which the Company may do at any time, with at least thirty (30)
            days advance written notice, subject to the full performance of
            the obligations of the Company to the Employee for Base
            Compensation, benefits, and bonus payments pursuant to Section
            6.2;
             
            (e)        Constructive Termination. In the event the
            Employee's employment with the Company is terminated as a
            result of a constructive termination, the

             
3
             
------------------------------------------------------------------------

            Company shall have the same obligations to the Employee as set
            forth in Section 6.2 of this Agreement. The Employees
            employment with the Company will be deemed to have been
            constructively terminated if the Employee resigns within thirty
            (30) days of any of the following events:

 

(i)
The Company demotes the Employee to a lesser position, either in title or 
responsibility, than the highest position held by the Employee with the 
Company at any time during the Employee's employment with the Company;
 

(ii)
The Company decreases the Employee's compensation, with the exception of an 
across the board salary reduction that effects all executive level or 
general employees of the company equally in an effort to preserve the 
companys viability, below the highest level in effect at any time during 
the Employee's employment with the Company or reduces the Employee's 
benefits and perquisites below the highest levels in effect at any time 
during the Employee's employment with the Company (other than as a result 
of any amendment or termination of any Employee or group or other Employee 
benefit plan, which amendment or termination is applicable to all Employees 
of the Company); or
 
(iii)
The Company requires the Employee to relocate to a principal place of 
business more than 100 miles from the principal place of business occupied 
by the Company on the first day of this Agreement.
 
 
(f)
Employee voluntarily terminates his employment due to Good Reason, which 
shall mean a material default by the Company in the performance of any of 
its obligations hereunder, which default remains uncured by the Company for 
a period of thirty (30) days following receipt of written notice thereof to 
the Company from Employee or a material disagreement with the Board or CEO 
concerning ethics, propriety, or other issues concerning moral trepidation.
             
 
(g)
Employee voluntarily terminates his employment without Good Reason, which 
Employee may do at any time with at least 30 days advance notice.
         
 
6.2
Effects of Termination
 
            (a)        Upon termination of Employees employment hereunder
            for any reason, the Company will promptly pay Employee all Base
            Compensation owed to Employee and all pro rata bonuses earned,
            as previously defined in writing by the Company, and unpaid
            through the date of termination (including, without limitation,
            salary and employee expenses reimbursements). Employee shall be
            paid for any performance bonus plan then in effect on a pro
            rata basis for that period of time during the fiscal year in
            which termination occurs. Any obtainment of bonus targets will
            be based on board approved projections for which the bonus is
            based. Under no circumstances will bonus payments be made for
            termination under Sections 6 (c),or (g)
             
            (b)        Upon termination of Employees employment under
            Sections 6.1(a),(b), (d),(e) or (f), the Company shall pay
            Employee, commencing immediately upon such termination of
            employment, monthly (or biweekly at the Companys discretion)
            amounts equal to the then applicable Base Compensation,
            excluding bonus, for a period of six (6) months after
            termination. Benefits will also continue for a period of six
            (6) months at the same cost to the Employee. Employee may
             
4
             
------------------------------------------------------------------------

            retain laptop and portable phone provided all corporate and
            confidential information has been removed by technical support.
             
            (c)        Upon termination of Employees employment hereunder
            pursuant to Sections - 6.1 (b), (c), (d),(e), (f) or (g), or
            under Section 5, Employee agrees that for the twelve (12) month
            period following the Termination Event:
 
 
(i)
Employee will not, within the United States, directly or indirectly, 
whether as an individual, employee, director, consultant or advisor, or in 
any other capacity whatsoever, provide services to any person, firm, 
corporation or other business enterprise which is involved in the business 
of disease management, ancillary claims management, or ancillary benefits 
management in competition with the Company, unless he obtains the Companys 
prior written consent.
               
 
(ii)
Employee will not directly or indirectly encourage or solicit, or attempt 
to encourage or solicit, any individual to leave the Companys employ for 
any reason or interfere in any other manner with the employment 
relationships at the time existing between the Company and its current 
employees.
               
 
(iii)
Employee will not induce or attempt to induce any provider, client, agent, 
customer, supplier, investor, distributor, licensee or other business 
relation of the Company to cease doing business with the Company or in any 
way interfere with the existing business relationship between any such 
providers, agent, customer, supplier, distributor, licensee or other 
business relation and the Company.
 
            (d)        Employee acknowledges that monetary damages may not
            be sufficient to compensate the Company for any economic loss,
            which may be incurred by reason of breach of the foregoing
            restrictive covenants. Accordingly, in the event of any such
            breach, the Company shall, in addition to, in lieu of, any
            remedies available to the Company at law, be entitled to obtain
            equitable relief in the form of an injunction, precluding
            Employee from continuing to engage in such breach.
 
            (e)        If any restriction set forth in (c) above section is
            held to be unreasonable, then Employee and the Company agree,
            and hereby request, to the reformation and limitation of such
            prohibition to such area or period as shall be deemed
            reasonable by a court of competent jurisdiction.
 
            (f)        Following a Termination Event, Employee agrees not
            to make to any person, including but not limited to clients,
            investors, or providers of the Company, any statement that
            disparages the Company or which reflects negatively upon the
            Company, including but not limited to statements regarding the
            Companys financial condition, its officers, directors,
            shareholders, employees and affiliates. The Company agrees not
            to make to any person, including but not limited to clients,
            investors, or providers of the, any statement that disparages
            Employee or which reflects negatively upon Employee, including
            but not limited to statements regarding his financial
            condition.
 
7.
Indemnification. Employee shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to 
the Company's Directors and Officers Liability Insurance Policy, subject to 
the terms and conditions of such policy, and the Company's articles and 
bylaws or to the maximum extent permissible under Texas law.
   
8.
General Provisions.
   
 
8.1.
Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any right, duty, obligation or 
interest hereunder shall be assignable or delegable by the Company without 
the prior written consent of the Executive,
     
5
     
------------------------------------------------------------------------

    other than any assignment to any entity that succeeds to substantially
    all the business operations and/or assets of the Company. The Employee
    may not assign or delegate any of his rights or obligations under the
    agreement without the prior qritten consent of the Company.
         
 
8.2.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the 
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and 
all prior agreements between the parties.
         
 
8.3.
Modifications. This Agreement may be changed or modified only by an 
agreement in writing signed by both parties hereto.
         
 
8.4.
Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the 
benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and its successors and 
permitted assigns and Employee and Employees legal representatives, heirs, 
legatees, distributes, assigns and transferees by operation of law, whether 
or not any such person shall have become a party to this Agreement and have 
agreed in writing to join and be bound by the terms and conditions hereof.
     
 
8.5.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced 
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas, and venue and 
jurisdiction for any disputes hereunder shall be heard in any court of 
competent jurisdiction in Dallas, Texas for all purposes.
     
 
8.6.
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of 
competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining 
provisions shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect.
     
 
8.7.
Further Assurances. The parties will execute such further instruments and 
take such further actions as may be reasonably necessary to carry out the 
intent of this Agreement.
     
 
8.8.
Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed received by the recipient 
when delivered personally or, if mailed, five (5) days after the date of 
deposit in the United States mail, certified or registered, postage prepaid 
and addressed, in the case of the Company, to:
 
            Chief Executive Officer
            American CareSource Holdings, Inc.
            5429LBJ Freeway, Suite 700
            Dallas, TX 75240
 
    And in the case of Employee, to the address shown for Employee on the
    signature page hereof, or to such other address as either party may
    later specify by at least ten (10) days advance written notice
    delivered to the other party in accordance herewith.
 
 
8.9.
No Waiver. The failure of either party to enforce any provision of this 
Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of that provision, nor prevent 
that party thereafter from enforcing that provision of any other provision 
of this Agreement.
   
 
8.10.
Legal Fees and Expenses. In the event of any disputes under this Agreement, 
each party shall be responsible for their own legal fees and expenses which 
it may incur in resolving such dispute, unless otherwise prohibited by 
applicable law or a court of competent jurisdiction.
     
 
8.11.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall 
constitute one and the same instrument.
 
 
6
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Employee have executed this Agreement, 
effective as of the day and year first above written.
 
American CareSource Holdings, Inc.
 
By: /s/ David S. Boone
 
David S. Boone, President & CEO
 
 
EMPLOYEE:
 
By: /s/ Steven J. Armond
  Steven J. Armond
  710 Edward Court
  Southlake, TX 76092
 
7
 
 