 EX-10.62 33 aquatic_ex1062.txt EXHIBIT 10.62 Exhibit 10.62 LETTER 
AGREEMENT BETWEEN; LONNIE HAYWARD, a resident of 7120 205 Street, Langley, 
BC., Canada. V2Y 1T1 AND, AQUATIC CELLULOSE INTERNATIONAL CORP, a Nevada 
Corporation in good standing and publicly traded on the Pink Sheet trading 
exchange. I Lonnie Hayward agree to accept the amount of ONE MILLION THREE 
HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND (1,350,000) Series A Convertible Preferred shares as 
settlement of the Aquatic Cellulose International Corp obligation to make 
me a twenty seven percent stake holder in the Company's issued and 
outstanding shares. I acknowledge the value of these shares has been 
calculated using the April 20, 2007, market price of $0.022 and that 
further dilution of the Company's common stock that will occur as a result 
of the conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will likely 
result in a corresponding reduction in the market price of the stock. I 
recognize that my Series A Convertible Preferred shares will bear all the 
rights and privileges as set forth in the Certificate of Designation filed 
with the Nevada Secretary of State and included as "Exhibit A" to this 
letter agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE EFFECTIVE AS 
OF April 20, 2007. EXECUTED THIS _20_ DAY OF APRIL, 2007. AQUATIC CELLULOSE 
LONNIE HAYWARD INTERNATIONAL CORP /S/ Lonnie Hayward /S/ Sheridan Westgarde 
------------------------------ ------------------------ Lonnie Hayward 
Sheridan B. Westgarde, CEO LETTER AGREEMENT BETWEEN; LONNIE HAYWARD, a 
resident of 7120 205 Street, Langley, BC., Canada. V2Y 1T1 AND, AQUATIC 
CELLULOSE INTERNATIONAL CORP, a Nevada Corporation in good standing and 
publicly traded on the Pink Sheet trading exchange. I Lonnie Hayward agree 
to accept the amount of ONE HUNDRED SIXTY SIX THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED FIFTY 
ONE (166,151) Series A Convertible Preferred shares as settlement of the 
Aquatic Cellulose International Corp obligation owed to me for consulting 
and as recorded in the Company's accounts in Amounts Due Related Parties, 
as of March 31, 2007. I acknowledge the value of these shares has been 
calculated based on the April 20, 2007, market price of $0.022 in accord 
with the following formula; - ADRP - ($59,190 / $0.00584 [73.45% discount 
to the April 20, 2007 market price of $0.022]) / 61 = 166,151 I acknowledge 
that further dilution of the Company's common stock that will occur as a 
result of the conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will 
likely result in a corresponding reduction in the market price of the 
stock. I recognize that my Series A Convertible Preferred shares will bear 
all the rights and privileges as set forth in the Certificate of 
Designation filed with the Nevada Secretary of State and included as 
"Exhibit A" to this letter agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, THIS AGREEMENT 
SHALL BE EFFECTIVE AS OF April 20, 2007. EXECUTED THIS 20 DAY OF APRIL, 
2007. AQUATIC CELLULOSE LONNIE HAYWARD INTERNATIONAL CORP /S/ Lonnie 
Hayward /S/ Sheridan Westgarde ------------------------------ 
------------------------ Lonnie Hayward Sheridan B. Westgarde, CEO LETTER 
AGREEMENT BETWEEN; LONNIE HAYWARD, a resident of 7120 205 Street, Langley, 
BC., Canada. V2Y 1T1 AND, AQUATIC CELLULOSE INTERNATIONAL CORP, a Nevada 
Corporation in good standing and publicly traded on the Pink Sheet trading 
exchange. I Lonnie Hayward agree to accept the amount of FORTY NINE 
THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED (49,200) Series A Convertible Preferred shares as 
settlement of all agreements with Aquatic Cellulose International Corp 
regarding the issuance of both stock and options, that was agreed upon, as 
bonus compensation for loans provided the Company. I acknowledge the value 
of these shares has been calculated based on the April 20, 2007, market 
price of $0.022 in accord with the following formula; - ($26,411 / $0.0088 
[60% discount to the April 20, 2007 market price of $0.022]) / 61 = 49,200 
I acknowledge that further dilution of the Company's common stock that will 
occur as a result of the conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred 
Stock will likely result in a corresponding reduction in the market price 
of the stock. I recognize that my Series A Convertible Preferred shares 
will bear all the rights and privileges as set forth in the Certificate of 
Designation filed with the Nevada Secretary of State and included as 
"Exhibit A" to this letter agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, THIS AGREEMENT 
SHALL BE EFFECTIVE AS OF April 20, 2007. EXECUTED THIS 20 DAY OF APRIL, 
2007. AQUATIC CELLULOSE LONNIE HAYWARD INTERNATIONAL CORP /S/ Lonnie 
Hayward /S/ Sheridan Westgarde ------------------------------ 
------------------------ Lonnie Hayward Sheridan B. Westgarde, CEO