 EX-10.7.1 11 a2180614zex-10_71.htm EXHIBIT 10.7.1
Exhibit 10.7.1

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT

This Intellectual Property Security Agreement (this IP Agreement) is made 
as of the 9th day of November, 2007, by and between BG MEDICINE, INC., a 
Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 610 Lincoln 
Street, North Waltham, Massachusetts 02451 (Grantor), and SILICON VALLEY 
BANK, a California-chartered bank, with its principal place of business at 
3003 Tasman Drive, Santa Clara, California 95054 and with a loan production 
office located at One Newton Executive Park, Suite 200, 2221 Washington 
Street, Newton, Massachusetts 02462 (Lender).

RECITALS

A.            Lender has agreed to make advances of money and to extend 
certain financial accommodations to Grantor (the Loan), pursuant to a 
certain Loan and Security Agreement dated as of November 9, 2007, between 
Grantor and Lender, as amended from time to time (as amended, the Loan 
Agreement).  The Loan is secured pursuant to the terms of the Loan 
Agreement.  Lender is willing to enter into certain financial 
accommodations with Grantor, but only upon the condition, among others, 
that Grantor shall grant to Lender a security interest in certain 
Copyrights, Trademarks, Patents, and Mask Works, and other assets, to 
secure the obligations of Grantor under the Loan Agreement.  Defined terms 
used but not defined herein shall have the same meanings as in the Loan 
Agreement.

B.            Pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, Grantor has 
granted to Lender a security interest in all of Grantors right title and 
interest, whether presently existing or hereafter acquired in, to and under 
all of the Collateral (as defined therein).

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is 
hereby acknowledged and intending to be legally bound, as collateral 
security for the prompt and complete payment when due of Grantors 
Indebtedness (as defined below), Grantor hereby represents, warrants, 
covenants and agrees as follows:

1.             Grant of Security Interest. As collateral security for the 
prompt and complete payment and performance of the Obligations 
(hereinafter, the Indebtedness), Grantor hereby grants a security 
interest in all of Grantors right, title and interest in, to and under its 
registered and unregistered intellectual property collateral (all of which 
shall collectively be called the Intellectual Property Collateral), 
including, without limitation, the following:

    (a)           Any and all copyright rights, copyright applications,
    copyright registrations and like protections in each work or authorship
    and derivative work thereof, whether published or unpublished,
    registered or unregistered, and whether or not the same also
    constitutes a trade secret, now or hereafter existing, created,
    acquired or held, including without limitation those set forth on 
    EXHIBIT A attached hereto (collectively, the Copyrights);

    (b)           Any and all trade secret rights, including any rights to
    unpatented inventions, know-how, operating  manuals, license rights and
    agreements, and confidential information, and any and all intellectual
    property rights in computer software and computer software products now
    or hereafter existing, created, acquired or held;

    (c)           Any and all design rights which may be available to
    Grantor now or hereafter existing, created, acquired or held;

    (d)           All patents, patent applications and like protections
    including, without limitation, improvements, divisions, continuations,
    renewals, reissues, extensions and continuations-in-part of the same,
    including without limitation the patents and patent applications set
    forth on EXHIBIT B attached hereto (collectively, the Patents);

 
Portions of this Exhibit were omitted and have been filed separately with 
the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the Company's application 
requesting confidential treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (e)           Any trademark and service mark rights, slogans, trade
    dress, and tradenames, trade styles,  whether registered or not,
    applications to register and registrations of the same and like
    protections, and the entire goodwill of the business of Grantor
    connected with and symbolized by such trademarks, including without
    limitation those set forth on EXHIBIT C attached hereto (collectively,
    the Trademarks);

    (f)            All mask works or similar rights available for the
    protection of semiconductor chips, now owned or hereafter acquired,
    including, without limitation those set forth on EXHIBIT D attached
    hereto (collectively, the  Mask Works);

    (g)           Any and all claims for damages by way of past, present
    and future infringements of any of the rights included above, with the
    right, but not the obligation, to sue for and collect such damages for
    said use or infringement of the intellectual property rights identified
    above;

    (h)           All material licenses or other rights to use any of the
    Copyrights, Patents, Trademarks, or Mask Works (excluding over the
    counter software that is commercially available to the public) and all
    license fees and royalties arising from such use to the extent
    permitted by such license or rights, including, without limitation
    those set forth on EXHIBIT E attached hereto (collectively, the
    Licenses); and

    (i)            All amendments, extensions, renewals and extensions of
    any of the Copyrights, Trademarks, Patents, or Mask Works; and

    (j)            All proceeds and products of the foregoing, including
    without limitation all payments under insurance or any indemnity or
    warranty payable in respect of any of the foregoing.

2.             Authorization and Request.  Grantor authorizes and requests 
that the Register of Copyrights and the Commissioner of Patents and 
Trademarks record this IP Agreement, and any amendments thereto, or copies 
thereof.

3.             Covenants and Warranties.  Grantor represents, warrants, 
covenants and agrees as follows:

    (a)           Grantor is now the sole owner of the Intellectual
    Property Collateral, except for non-exclusive licenses granted by
    Grantor to its customers in the ordinary course of business.

    (b)           Performance of this IP Agreement does not conflict with
    or result in a breach of any material agreement to which Grantor is
    bound.

    (c)           During the term of this IP Agreement, Grantor will not
    transfer or otherwise encumber any interest in the Intellectual
    Property Collateral, except for (i) non-exclusive licenses granted by
    Grantor in the ordinary course of business, (ii) as set forth in this
    IP Agreement, and (ii) Permitted Liens;

    (d)           To its knowledge, each of the Patents is valid and
    enforceable, and no part of the Intellectual Property Collateral has
    been judged invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and no claim
    has been made that any part of the Intellectual Property Collateral
    violates the rights of any third party;

    (e)           Grantor shall promptly advise Lender of any material
    adverse change in the composition of the Intellectual Property
    Collateral, including but not limited to any subsequent ownership right
    of the Grantor in or to any Trademark, Patent, Copyright, or Mask Work
    specified in this IP Agreement;

    (f)            Grantor shall (i) protect, defend and maintain the
    validity and enforceability of the Trademarks, Patents, Copyrights, and
    Mask Works, (ii) use all commercially reasonable efforts to detect
    infringements of the Trademarks, Patents, Copyrights, and Mask Works
    and promptly advise Lender in writing of material infringements
    detected and (iii) not allow any Trademarks, Patents, Copyrights, or
    Mask Works to be abandoned, forfeited or dedicated to the public
    without the written consent of Lender, which

 
Portions of this Exhibit were omitted and have been filed separately with 
the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the Company's application 
requesting confidential treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    shall not be unreasonably withheld, unless Grantor determines that
    reasonable business practices suggest that abandonment is appropriate.

    (g)           Grantor shall take such further actions as Lender may
    reasonably request from time to time to perfect or continue the
    perfection of Lenders interest in the Intellectual Property
    Collateral;

    (h)           This IP Agreement creates, and in the case of after
    acquired Intellectual Property Collateral this IP Agreement will
    create, at the time Grantor first has rights in such after acquired
    Intellectual Property Collateral, in favor of Lender a valid and
    perfected first priority security interest and collateral assignment in
    the Intellectual Property Collateral in the United States securing the
    payment and performance of the Obligations;

    (i)            To its knowledge, except for, and upon, the filing of
    UCC financing statements, or other notice filings or notations in
    appropriate filing offices, if necessary to perfect the security
    interests created hereunder, no authorization, approval or other action
    by, and no notice to or filing with, any U.S. governmental authority or
    U.S. regulatory body is required either (a) for the grant by Grantor of
    the security interest granted hereby, or for the execution, delivery or
    performance of this IP Agreement by Grantor in the U.S. or (b) for the
    perfection in the United States or the exercise by Lender of its rights
    and remedies thereunder;

    (j)            All information heretofore, herein or hereafter supplied
    to Lender by or on behalf of Grantor with respect to the Intellectual
    Property Collateral is accurate and complete in all material respects.

    (k)           Grantor shall not enter into any material agreement that
    would materially impair or conflict with Grantors obligations
    hereunder without Lenders prior written consent, which consent shall
    not be unreasonably withheld.  Grantor shall not permit the inclusion
    in any material contract to which it becomes a party of any provisions
    that could or might in any way prevent the creation of a security
    interest in Grantors rights and interest in any property included
    within the definition of the Intellectual Property Collateral acquired
    under such material contracts.

    (l)            Upon any executive officer of Grantor obtaining actual
    knowledge thereof, Grantor will promptly notify Lender in writing of
    any event that materially adversely affects the value of any material
    Intellectual Property Collateral as a whole, the ability of Grantor to
    dispose of any material Intellectual Property Collateral or the rights
    and remedies of Lender in relation thereto, including the levy of any
    legal process against any of the Intellectual Property Collateral.

4.             Lenders Rights.  Lender shall have the right, but not the 
obligation, to take, at Grantors sole expense, any actions that Grantor is 
required under this IP Agreement to take but which Grantor fails to take, 
after fifteen (15) days notice to Grantor.  Grantor shall reimburse and 
indemnify Lender for all reasonable costs and reasonable expenses incurred 
in the reasonable exercise of its rights under this section 4.

5.             Inspection Rights.  Grantor hereby grants to Lender and its 
employees, representatives and agents the right to visit, during reasonable 
hours upon prior reasonable written notice to Grantor, any of Grantors 
plants and facilities that manufacture, install or store products (or that 
have done so during the prior six-month period) that are sold utilizing any 
of the Intellectual Property Collateral, and to inspect the products and 
quality control records relating thereto upon reasonable written notice to 
Grantor and as often as may be reasonably requested, but not more than once 
in every six (6) months; provided, however, nothing herein shall entitle 
Lender access to Grantors trade secrets and other proprietary information.

6.             Further Assurances; Attorney in Fact.

(a)           On a continuing basis, Grantor will, following request by 
Lender, subject to any prior licenses, encumbrances and restrictions and 
prospective licenses, make, execute, acknowledge and deliver, and file

 
Portions of this Exhibit were omitted and have been filed separately with 
the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the Company's application 
requesting confidential treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
and record in the proper filing and recording places in the United States, 
all such instruments, including appropriate financing and continuation 
statements and collateral agreements and filings with the United States 
Patent and Trademarks Office and the Register of Copyrights, and take all 
such action as may reasonably be deemed necessary or advisable, or as 
requested by Lender, to perfect Lenders security interest in all 
Copyrights, Patents, Trademarks, and Mask Works and otherwise to carry out 
the intent and purposes of this IP Agreement, or for assuring and 
confirming to Lender the grant or perfection of a security interest in all 
Intellectual Property Collateral.

(b)           In addition to section 6(a) above, Grantor shall not register 
any Copyrights or Mask Works in the United States Copyright Office unless 
it: (i) has given at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice to 
Lender of its intent to register such Copyrights or Mask Works and has 
provided Lender with a copy of the application it intends to file with the 
United States Copyright Office (excluding exhibits thereto); (ii) executes 
a security agreement or such other documents as Lender may reasonably 
request in order to maintain the perfection and priority of Lenders 
security interest in the Copyrights proposed to be registered with the 
United States Copyright Office; and (iii) records such security documents 
with the United States Copyright Office contemporaneously with filing the 
Copyright application(s) with the United States Copyright Office.  Grantor 
shall promptly provide to Lender a copy of the Copyright application(s) 
filed with the United States Copyright Office, together with evidence of 
the recording of the security documents necessary for Lender to maintain 
the perfection and priority of its security interest in such Copyrights or 
Mask Works.  Grantor shall provide written notice to Lender of any 
application filed by Grantor in the United States Patent Trademark Office 
for a patent or to register a trademark or service mark within 30 days of 
any such filing.

(c)           Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints Lender as Grantors 
attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of Grantor and 
in the name of Grantor, Lender or otherwise, from time to time in Lenders 
discretion, upon Grantors failure or inability to do so, to take any 
action and to execute any instrument which Lender may deem necessary or 
advisable to accomplish the purposes of this IP Agreement, including:

    (i)            To modify, in its sole discretion, this IP Agreement
    without first obtaining Grantors approval of or signature to such
    modification by amending Exhibit A, Exhibit B, Exhibit C, and Exhibit D
    hereof, as appropriate, to include reference to any right, title or
    interest in any Copyrights, Patents, Trademarks or Mask Works acquired
    by Grantor after the execution hereof or to delete any reference to any
    right, title or interest in any Copyrights, Patents, Trademarks, or
    Mask Works in which Grantor no longer has or claims any right, title or
    interest; and

    (ii)           To file, in its sole discretion, one or more financing
    or continuation statements and amendments thereto, or other notice
    filings or notations in appropriate filing offices, relative to any of
    the Intellectual Property Collateral, without  notice to Grantor, with
    all appropriate jurisdictions, as Lender deems appropriate, in order to
    further perfect or protect Lenders interest in the Intellectual
    Property Collateral.

7.             Events of Default.  The occurrence of any of the following 
shall constitute an Event of Default under this IP Agreement:

    (a)           An Event of Default occurs under the Loan Agreement; or

    (b)           Grantor breaches any warranty or agreement made by
    Grantor in this IP Agreement.

8.             Remedies.  Upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event 
of Default, Lender shall have the right to exercise all the remedies of a 
secured party under the Massachusetts Uniform Commercial Code, including 
without limitation the right to require Grantor to assemble the 
Intellectual Property Collateral and any tangible property in which Lender 
has a security interest and to make it available to Lender at a place 
designated by Lender.  Lender shall have a nonexclusive, royalty free 
license to use the Copyrights, Patents, Trademarks, and Mask Works to the 
extent reasonably necessary to permit Lender to exercise its rights and 
remedies upon the occurrence of an Event of Default.  Grantor will pay any 
expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by Lender in

 
Portions of this Exhibit were omitted and have been filed separately with 
the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the Company's application 
requesting confidential treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
connection with the exercise of any of Lenders rights hereunder, including 
without limitation any expense incurred in disposing of the Intellectual 
Property Collateral.  All of Lenders rights and remedies with respect to 
the Intellectual Property Collateral shall be cumulative.

9.             Indemnity.  Grantor agrees to defend, indemnify and hold 
harmless Lender and its officers, employees, and agents against:  (a) all 
obligations, demands, claims, and liabilities claimed or asserted by any 
other party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this IP 
Agreement, and (b) all losses or expenses in any way suffered, incurred, or 
paid by Lender as a result of or in any way arising out of, following or 
consequential to transactions between Lender and Grantor, whether under 
this IP Agreement or otherwise (including without limitation, reasonable 
attorneys fees and reasonable expenses), except for losses arising from or 
out of Lenders gross negligence or willful misconduct.

10.           Termination.  At such time as the Obligations shall be paid 
in full and the Loan Agreement is terminated, Lender shall execute and 
deliver to Grantor all releases, terminations, and other instruments as may 
be necessary or proper to release the security interest hereunder.

11.           Reassignment.  At such time as Grantor shall completely 
satisfy all of the obligations secured hereunder, Lender shall execute and 
deliver to Grantor all deeds, assignments, and other instruments as may be 
necessary or proper to reinvest in Grantor full title to the property 
assigned hereunder, subject to any disposition thereof which may have been 
made by Lender pursuant hereto.

12.           Course of Dealing.  No course of dealing, nor any failure to 
exercise, nor any delay in exercising any right, power or privilege 
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof.

13.           Amendments.  This IP Agreement may be amended only by a 
written instrument signed by both parties hereto.

14.           Counterparts.  This IP Agreement may be executed in two or 
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of 
which together shall constitute the same instrument.

15.           Law and Jurisdiction.  This IP Agreement shall be governed by 
and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of 
Massachusetts.  GRANTOR ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND IN CONNECTION WITH ITS 
PROPERTIES, UNCONDITIONALLY, THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR 
FEDERAL COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION IN THE COMMONWEALTH OF 
MASSACHUSETTS IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND, AGAINST IT 
WHICH ARISES OUT OF OR BY REASON OF THIS AGREEMENT; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT 
IF FOR ANY REASON LENDER CANNOT AVAIL ITSELF OF THE COURTS OF THE 
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, GRANTOR ACCEPTS JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS 
AND VENUE IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY, CALIFORNIA.  NOTWITHSTANDING THE 
FOREGOING,  THE LENDER SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT TO BRING ANY ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING AGAINST THE GRANTOR OR ITS PROPERTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER 
JURISDICTION WHICH THE LENDER DEEMS NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE IN ORDER TO 
REALIZE ON THE COLLATERAL OR TO OTHERWISE ENFORCE THE LENDERS RIGHTS 
AGAINST THE GRANTOR OR ITS PROPERTY.

GRANTOR AND LENDER EACH HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY 
TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF 
THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREIN, 
INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL 
OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS.  EACH PARTY RECOGNIZES AND AGREES 
THAT THE FOREGOING WAIVER CONSTITUTES A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR IT TO ENTER 
INTO THIS AGREEMENT.  EACH PARTY REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT IT HAS 
REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND 
VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL 
COUNSEL.

 
Portions of this Exhibit were omitted and have been filed separately with 
the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the Company's application 
requesting confidential treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
16.           Confidentiality.  In handling any confidential information, 
Lender shall exercise the same degree of care that it exercises for its own 
proprietary information, but disclosure of information may be made: (i) to 
Lenders subsidiaries or affiliates in connection with their present or 
prospective business relations with Grantor; (ii) to prospective 
transferees or purchasers of any interest in the Loans; (iii) as required 
by law, regulation, subpoena, or other order, (iv) as required in 
connection with Lenders examination or audit; and (v) as Lender considers 
appropriate in exercising remedies under this Agreement.  Confidential 
information does not include information that either: (a) is in the public 
domain or in Lenders possession when disclosed to Lender, or becomes part 
of the public domain after disclosure to Lender; or (b) is disclosed to 
Lender by a third party, if Lender reasonably does not know that the third 
party is prohibited from disclosing the information.

 
Portions of this Exhibit were omitted and have been filed separately with 
the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the Company's application 
requesting confidential treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 

EXECUTED as a sealed instrument under the laws of the Commonwealth of 
Massachusetts on the day and year first written above.

Address of Grantor:
 
GRANTOR:
 
 
 
 
610 Lincoln Street North
 
BG MEDICINE, INC.
Waltham, MA 02451
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Mark D. Shooman
 
 
Name:
Mark D. Shooman
 
 
Title:
CFO
 
 
 
 
 
 
SILICON VALLEY BANK
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Naomi Herman
 
 
Name:
Naomi Herman
 
 
Title:
Vice President
 

 
Portions of this Exhibit were omitted and have been filed separately with 
the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the Company's application 
requesting confidential treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit A attached to that certain Intellectual Property Security 
Agreement dated November 9, 2007.

EXHIBIT A

COPYRIGHTS

SCHEDULE A - ISSUED COPYRIGHTS

COPYRIGHT
 
REGISTRATION
 
DATE OF
DESCRIPTION
 
NUMBER
 
ISSUANCE
 
SCHEDULE B - PENDING COPYRIGHT APPLICATIONS

 
FIRST DATE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COPYRIGHT
 
APPLICATION
 
DATE OF
 
DATE OF
 
OF PUBLIC
DESCRIPTION
 
NUMBER
 
FILING
 
CREATION
 
DISTRIBUTION
 
SCHEDULE C - UNREGISTERED COPYRIGHTS (Where No Copyright Application is 
Pending)

 
 
 
 
 
 
DATE AND
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RECORDATION
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NUMBER OF IP
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AGREEMENT WITH
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OWNER OR ORIGINAL
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GRANTOR IF
 
ORIGINAL AUTHOR
 
 
 
 
 
 
AUTHOR OR OWNER
 
OR OWNER OF
 
 
 
 
FIRST DATE
 
OF COPYRIGHT
 
COPYRIGHT IS
COPYRIGHT
 
DATE OF
 
OF
 
IS DIFFERENT
 
DIFFERENT FROM
DESCRIPTION
 
CREATION
 
DISTRIBUTION
 
FROM GRANTOR
 
GRANTOR
 
 
Portions of this Exhibit were omitted and have been filed separately with 
the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the Company's application 
requesting confidential treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit B attached to that certain Intellectual Property Security 
Agreement dated November 9, 2007.

EXHIBIT B

PATENTS

PATENT
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION
 
DOCKET NO.
 
COUNTRY
 
SERIAL NO.
 
FILING DATE
 
STATUS
 

 
Portions of this Exhibit were omitted and have been filed separately with 
the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the Company's application 
requesting confidential treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit C attached to that certain Intellectual Property Security 
Agreement dated November 9, 2007.

EXHIBIT C

TRADEMARKS

TRADEMARK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION
 
COUNTRY
 
SERIAL NO.
 
REG. NO.
 
STATUS
 

 
Portions of this Exhibit were omitted and have been filed separately with 
the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the Company's application 
requesting confidential treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit D attached to that certain Intellectual Property Security 
Agreement dated November 9, 2007.

EXHIBIT D

MASK WORKS

MASK WORK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION
 
COUNTRY
 
SERIAL NO.
 
REG. NO.
 
STATUS
 

 
Portions of this Exhibit were omitted and have been filed separately with 
the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the Company's application 
requesting confidential treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit E attached to that certain Intellectual Property Security 
Agreement dated November 9, 2007.

EXHIBIT E

LICENSES

 
Portions of this Exhibit were omitted and have been filed separately with 
the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the Company's application 
requesting confidential treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended.
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

