 EX-10.2 3 c21491exv10w2.htm MASTER AMENDMENT TO CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTS


 

Exhibit 10.2


MASTER AMENDMENT TO CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTS

     This Master Amendment to Contribution Agreements (Amendment) is made 
as of the 9th day of November, 2007, by and between Arizona Land Income 
Corporation, an Arizona corporation (Acquiror) and POP Venture, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (Contributor).


RECITALS:

     WHEREAS, Acquiror and Contributor each entered into ten (10) separate 
and distinct Contribution Agreements, each dated as of November 2, 2006 
(collectively, the Contribution Agreements and individually, a 
Contribution Agreement); and

     WHEREAS, each of the Contribution Agreements is listed on Exhibit A 
attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference and, in each 
instance, the Project (as defined in the Contribution Agreements) that is 
the subject of that particular Contribution Agreement is also identified; 
and

     WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Contribution Agreements, 
Contributor has agreed to contribute to Acquiror, and Acquiror has agreed 
to the contribution of, the Contributors (or that of the designated POP 
Members, as defined in the Contribution Agreements) ownership interests in 
certain POP Affiliates (as defined in the Contribution Agreements), which 
POP Affiliates are the indirect owners of certain fee simple and leasehold 
interests in ten (10) separate and distinct Projects; and

     WHEREAS, Acquiror and Contributor have determined that it is 
appropriate and necessary to make certain modifications and amendments to 
all of the Contribution Agreements;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in further consideration of the terms and provisions 
of all of the Contribution Agreements, Acquiror and Contributor hereby 
agree as follows:

     1. Defined Terms. Any capitalized terms used, but not defined, in this 
Amendment shall be deemed to have the same meanings as are respectively 
ascribed to each such term in the Contribution Agreements.

     2. Ratification and Amendment. Acquiror and Contributor hereby ratify 
and confirm all of the terms and provisions of all of the Contribution 
Agreements and agree that the terms and provisions of the Contribution 
Agreements remain in full force and effect without modification or 
amendment, except as is otherwise expressly set forth in all of (a) this 
Amendment, (b) that certain Fourth Amendment and Exhibit Acknowledgement to 
Master Formation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2007 
(Fourth Amendment to Master Agreement), and (c) that certain Second 
Amendment and Exhibit Acknowledgement to Master Formation and Contribution 
Agreement, dated December 9, 2006.

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     3. Amendment Via Fourth Amendment to Master Agreement. Acquiror and 
Contributor hereby acknowledge and agree that, pursuant to Section 20 of 
the Fourth Amendment to Master Agreement, each of the Contribution 
Agreements has been amended, on an omnibus basis, to conform each of the 
Contribution Agreements to the terms and provisions of the Fourth Amendment 
to Master Agreement. Acquiror and Contributor hereby ratify and confirm the 
amendments to the Contribution Agreements that occurred through and by the 
terms of the Fourth Amendment to Master Agreement.

     4. Title Insurance. Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 7.2 and 
12.1.9 of each Contribution Agreement, the parties hereby agree that:

  	(a) 	  	the Title Company shall mean First American Title Insurance 
Company or one or more additional title insurance companies with national 
operations;
 
  	(b) 	  	Acquiror has received the Title Commitments; and
 
  	(c) 	  	at Closing, Acquiror shall accept delivery of either (i) the 
Title Policy (or a so-called marked-up Title Commitment or pro forma 
Title Policy), as contemplated in Section 12.1.9 of the Contribution 
Agreements or (ii) a so-called date down endorsement issued with respect 
to Contributors existing owners title insurance policy for a given 
Project (each, an Existing Title Policy). In the event Acquiror receives 
a date down endorsement to an Existing Title Policy (x) the insurance 
coverages provided pursuant to that Existing Title Policy shall be updated 
to and including the Closing Date; provided, however, such updating shall 
not include updated surveys; (y) the amount of insurance coverage provided 
by the Existing Title Policy shall be increased to an amount equal to the 
Gross Asset Value for that particular Project (in the event the Gross Asset 
Value is in excess of the insured amount); and (z) the Existing Title 
Policy shall be further endorsed through the issuance of a Fairway 
endorsement insuring that the Title Company shall not interpose as a 
defense to a claim of coverage under such policy the fact that a 
dissolution of the insured limited liability company has occurred, or a new 
limited liability company has been formed, solely by reason of the 
withdrawal or replacement of one or more of the members of the original 
insured limited liability company so long as the insured remains as the 
title holder, and no new limited liability company is explicitly formed.

     5. Prorations. Notwithstanding subsections (E) and (F) in Section 3.2 
of the Contribution Agreements, all prorations and adjustments occurring 
pursuant to Section 13 of the Contribution Agreements (except Sections 13.5 
and 13.6, both of which are addressed below) shall be paid in cash and 
shall not be applied under Section 3.2 in order to calculate the 
Contribution Consideration.

     6. Escrows Maintained in Connection with POP Property Indebtedness. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 3.2(E), 3.2(F) and 13.5 of the 
Contribution Agreements, any and all escrows maintained (as of the Closing 
Date) with, or under the control of, the lenders holding any POP Property 
Indebtedness shall be handled, as between Acquiror

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

and Contributor, pursuant to Sections 4 and 17 of the Fourth Amendment to 
Master Agreement.

     7. Capital Investments. Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 
3.2(E), 3.2(F), 9.2 and 13.6 of the Contribution Agreements, any Capital 
Investment (as defined in the Fourth Agreement to Master Agreement) made or 
incurred by Contributor on or after October 1, 2007 shall be handled, as 
between Acquiror and Contributor, pursuant to Section 4 of the Fourth 
Amendment to Master Agreement.

     8. City Square. Notwithstanding the provisions of the Section 3.2(A) 
of the Contribution Agreement for the Project commonly known as City 
Square, the Contribution Consideration shall be calculated after first 
deducting the sum of Twelve Million Dollars ($12,000,000.00) from the Gross 
Asset Value assigned to City Square. Such $12,000,000 component of the 
Gross Asset Value of City Square shall instead by paid, by Acquiror, 
through the execution and delivery of the Principal Note, as described and 
defined in Section 4 of the Fourth Amendment to Master Agreement.

     9. US Bank. The Contribution Agreement for the Project commonly known 
as US Bank is hereby terminated and neither Acquiror nor Contributor shall 
have any further right, entitlement, obligation or liability under that 
particular Contribution Agreement.

     10. Counterparts; Facsimile Signatures. This Amendment may be executed 
in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but 
all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
For purposes of executing this Amendment, any signed document transmitted 
by facsimile machine or e-mail transmission (in either case a Fax) shall 
be considered as an original signature. Any such Fax document shall be 
considered to have the same binding legal effect as an original document.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment on 
the date first above written.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
  	ACQUIROR:

Arizona Land Income Corporation,
an Arizona corporation
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Thomas R. Hislop   	 
  	  	Thomas R. Hislop  	 
  	  	Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial 
Officer  	 

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	CONTRIBUTOR:

POP Venture, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company

By: POP Funding, LLC, its managing member

By: JHS Manager, LLC, its manager
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Jay H. Shidler   	 
  	  	Jay H. Shidler  	 
  	  	Sole Member  	 

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 


Exhibit A

1. 	  	Contribution Agreement between Arizona Land Income Corporation and 
Pop Venture, LLC, dated as of November 2, 2007, for Waterfront Plaza (500 
Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, HI 96813)
 
2. 	  	Contribution Agreement between Arizona Land Income Corporation and 
Pop Venture, LLC, dated as of November 2, 2007, for Davies Pacific Center 
(841 Bishop Street, Honolulu, HI 96813)
 
3. 	  	Contribution Agreement between Arizona Land Income Corporation and 
Pop Venture, LLC, dated as of November 2, 2007, for Pan Am Building (1600 
Kapiolani Boulevard, Honolulu, HI 96815)
 
4. 	  	Contribution Agreement between Arizona Land Income Corporation and 
Pop Venture, LLC, dated as of November 2, 2007, for First Insurance Center 
(1100 Ward Avenue, Honolulu, HI 96814)
 
5. 	  	Contribution Agreement between Arizona Land Income Corporation and 
Pop Venture, LLC, dated as of November 2, 2007, for PBN Building (1833 
Kalakaua Avenue, Honolulu, HI 96815)
 
6. 	  	Contribution Agreement between Arizona Land Income Corporation and 
Pop Venture, LLC, dated as of November 2, 2007, for City Center (810 
Richards Street, Honolulu, HI 96813)
 
7. 	  	Contribution Agreement between Arizona Land Income Corporation and 
Pop Venture, LLC, dated as of November 2, 2007, for City Square (3800, 3838 
and 4000 North Central Avenue, Phoenix, AZ 85012)
 
8. 	  	Contribution Agreement between Arizona Land Income Corporation and 
Pop Venture, LLC, dated as of November 2, 2007, for Sorrento Technology 
Center (10140 and 10180 Canyon Road, San Diego, CA 92121)
 
9. 	  	Contribution Agreement between Arizona Land Income Corporation and 
Pop Venture, LLC, dated as of November 2, 2007, for Seville Plaza (5469, 
5471 and 5473 Kearny Villa Road, San Diego, CA 92123)
 
10. 	  	Contribution Agreement between Arizona Land Income Corporation and 
Pop Venture, LLC, dated as of November 2, 2007, for US Bank (101 North 
First Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona 85003)

6