 EX-10.6 12 a2179424zex-10_6.htm EXHIBIT 10.6

Exhibit 10.6

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

        This Registration Rights Agreement (this "Agreement"), dated as of  
          , 2007, is made and entered into by and among Hicks Acquisition 
Company I, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), HH-HACI, L.P., a 
Delaware limited partnership (the "Sponsor"), Thomas O. Hicks (the "
Founder"), the other parties listed under Holder on the signature pages 
hereto and any person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to this 
Agreement as contemplated by Section 4.02 of this Agreement (each such 
party, the Founder and the Sponsor, a "Holder" and collectively the "
Holders").

RECITALS

        A.    Pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, 
effective as of March 1, 2007, by and between the Company and the Sponsor 
(the "Founder's Units Purchase Agreement"), the Sponsor purchased an 
aggregate of 10,000,000 units (which units were subsequently increased in 
July 2007 to 11,500,000 as a result of a stock split) (the "Founder's Units
"), with each unit consisting of one share (the "Founder's Shares") of the 
Company's common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the "Common Stock") 
and one warrant (the "Founder's Warrants") to purchase one share of Common 
Stock.

        B.    Pursuant to that certain Warrant Subscription Agreement, 
dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Sponsor 
(the "Sponsor Warrants Subscription Agreement"), the Sponsor purchased 
warrants (the "Sponsor Warrants") entitling the Sponsor to purchase 
7,000,000 shares of Common Stock.

        C.    Pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated 
as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Founder (the "
Co-Investment Purchase Agreement"), the Founder has committed to purchase, 
directly or through one or more permitted controlled affiliates (a "
Co-Investment Affiliate") 2,000,000 units (the "Co-Investment Units"), with 
each unit consisting of one share (the "Co-Investment Shares") of the 
Company's Common Stock and one warrant (the "Co-Investment Warrants") to 
purchase one share of common stock.

        D.    The Company and the Holders desire to enter into this 
Agreement, pursuant to which the Company will grant the Holders certain 
registration rights with respect to certain securities of the Company, as 
set forth in this Agreement.

STATEMENT OF AGREEMENT

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, covenants 
and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby 
agree as follows:

ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS

        1.01    Definitions.    The terms defined in this Article I shall 
have for all purposes of this Agreement the respective meanings set forth 
below:

              "Adverse Disclosure" means public disclosure of material
      non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment
      of the chief executive officer or principal financial officer of the
      Company after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would be
      required to be made in any Registration Statement or prospectus in
      order for the applicable Registration Statement or prospectus not to
      contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
      material fact necessary to make the statements therein (in the case
      of any prospectus and any preliminary

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------

      prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
      made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required to be made at such
      time if the Registration Statement were not being filed, and (iii)
      the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not publicly making
      it.

              "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

              "Business Combination" shall mean a business combination with
      one or more target businesses that have an aggregate fair market
      value of at least 80% of the initial amount held in the Trust Account
      (excluding the amount held in the trust account representing the
      underwriters' deferred commission in connection with the Offering).

              "Co-Investment Affiliate" shall have the meaning given in the
      Recitals hereto.

              "Co-Investment Purchase Agreement" shall have the meaning
      given in the Recitals hereto.

              "Co-Investment Shares" shall have the meaning given in the
      Recitals hereto.

              "Co-Investment Units" shall have the meaning given in the
      Recitals hereto.

              "Co-Investment Warrants" shall have the meaning given in the
      Recitals hereto.

              "Common Stock" shall have the meaning given in the Recitals
      hereto.

              "Demand Registration" shall mean a demand registration
      described in Section 2.01.

              "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of
      1934, as it may be amended from time to time.

              "Founder" shall have the meaning given in the Recitals
      hereto.

              "Founder's Shares" shall have the meaning given in the
      Recitals hereto.

              "Founder's Units" shall have the meaning given in the
      Recitals hereto.

              "Founder's Units Purchase Agreement" shall have the meaning
      given in the Recitals hereto.

              "Founder's Warrants" shall have the meaning given in the
      Recitals hereto.

              "Lock-up Period" shall mean, with respect to the Founder's
      Shares, Founder's Warrants, the Sponsor Warrants, Co-Investment
      Shares and Co-Investment Warrants and any Common Stock issued upon
      exercise of the Founder's Warrants, the Sponsor Warrants or the
      Co-Investment Warrants (the "Additional Shares"), the period ending
      180 days after the completion of a Business Combination, during which
      period such securities may not be transferred, assigned or sold.

              "Long-Form Registration" shall mean a Registration effected
      through the filing with the SEC of a Form S-1 or any successor form
      or similar form for registration under the Securities Act.

              "Misstatement" shall mean an untrue statement of a material
      fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in
      a Registration Statement or Prospectus or necessary to make the
      statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus not misleading.

              "Offering" shall mean the Company's initial public offering
      of its units, with each unit consisting of one share of Common Stock
      and one warrant to purchase one share of its common stock, pursuant
      to a Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-143747, filed
      with the SEC.

              "Person" shall mean a natural person, partnership,
      corporation, business trust, association, joint venture or other
      entity or a government or agency or political subdivision thereof.

              "Piggyback Registration" shall mean a piggyback registration
      described in Section 2.02.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


              "Prospectus" shall mean the prospectus included in any
      Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus
      supplements and as amended by any and all post-effective amendments
      and including all material incorporated by reference in such
      prospectus.

              "Prospectus Date" shall mean the date of the final prospectus
      relating to the Offering filed with the SEC.

              "Purchase Agreements" shall mean (a) the Sponsor Warrants
      Subscription Agreement, (b) the Founder's Units Purchase Agreement,
      and (c) the Co-Investment Purchase Agreement.

              "Registrable Security" shall mean (a) the Founder's Shares
      and the Co-Investment Shares, (b) the Founder's Warrants, the
      Sponsor's Warrants and the Co-Investment Warrants (including any
      shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of any such
      warrants), (c) any outstanding share of Common Stock or warrant
      (including the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of
      any such warrant) held by a Holder on the date of this Agreement or
      issued by the Company to a Holder after the date of this Agreement
      pursuant to any Purchase Agreement and (d) any security of the
      Company issued or issuable with respect to any such share of Common
      Stock by way of a stock dividend or stock split or in connection with
      a combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation or
      reorganization; provided, however, that, any such share or security
      shall be deemed to be a Registrable Security only if and so long as
      it is also deemed to be a Transfer Restricted Security.

              "Registration" shall mean a Demand Registration, whether such
      Demand Registration is effected as a Long-Form Registration or a
      Short-Form Registration, and a Piggyback Registration.

              "Registration Expenses" shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses
      of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

                    (a)   all registration and filing fees (including fees
            with respect to filings required to be made with the National
            Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.) and any securities
            exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed;

                    (b)   fees and expenses of compliance with securities
            or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements
            of counsel for the underwriters in connection with blue sky
            qualifications of the Registrable Securities);

                    (c)   printing, messenger, telephone and delivery
            expenses;

                    (d)   reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for
            the Company;

                    (e)   reasonable fees and disbursements of all
            independent certified public accountants of the Company
            incurred specifically in connection with such Registration; and

                    (f)    reasonable fees and disbursements of one (1)
            counsel for the Requesting Holders, which counsel shall be
            selected by the Requesting Holders holding a majority of the
            Registrable Securities to be registered for offer and sale in
            the applicable Registration.

              "Registration Statement" shall mean any registration
      statement which covers Registrable Securities pursuant to the
      provisions of this Agreement, including the Prospectus included in
      such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective
      amendments) and supplements to such registration statement, and all
      exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such
      registration statement.

              "Requesting Holders" shall have the meaning given in Section
      2.01.

              "SEC" shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.

              "Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as
      amended from time to time.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


              "Short-Form Registration" shall mean a Registration effected
      through the filing with the SEC of a Form S-3 or any successor form
      or similar form for registration under the Securities Act.

              "Sponsor" shall have the meaning given in the Recitals
      hereto.

              "Sponsor Warrants" shall have the meaning given in the
      Recitals hereto.

              "Sponsor Warrants Subscription Agreement" shall have the
      meaning given in the Recitals hereto.

              "Transfer Restricted Security" shall mean an issued and
      outstanding security that has not been sold to or through a broker,
      dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public
      securities transaction or sold in a transaction exempt from the
      registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities
      Act under Rule 144(k) promulgated thereunder (or any successor rule)
      other than Rule 144A.

              "Trust Account" shall mean the trust fund into which a
      portion of the net proceeds of the Offering will be deposited in
      accordance with the terms of the Offering as described in the
      Offering Circular.

              "Underwritten Registration" or "Underwritten Offering" shall
      mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an
      underwriter in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the
      public.

ARTICLE II
REGISTRATIONS

        2.01    Demand Registration.    Subject to the restrictions set 
forth below, if at any time after the Prospectus Date, the Company shall 
receive from the Holders (the "Requesting Holders") owning at least five 
percent (25%) of the then outstanding shares of Registrable Securities as 
of the date of the request, a written request to register at least fifteen 
percent (15%) of the aggregate number of Registrable Securities owned by 
all of the Requesting Holders as of the date of such request, then the 
Company will give notice of such request to all Holders within ten (10) 
days of receiving such request and shall effect as soon thereafter as 
practicable, and in any event within forty-five (45) days of the receipt of 
such request, the Registration under the Securities Act of all Registrable 
Securities which any Holder requests to be registered. The Company shall 
not be obligated to effect, or to take any action to effect, any such 
Registration pursuant to this Section 2.01:

              (a)   During the period starting with the date sixty (60)
      days prior to the Company's good faith estimate of the date of filing
      of, and ending on a date one hundred eighty (180) days after the
      effective date of, a Company initiated Registration; provided that
      the Company has delivered notice of such Registration to the Holders
      prior to its receipt of the Holders' written request for a demand
      Registration and it continues to actively employ in good faith all
      reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become
      effective; or

              (b)   if the Holders have requested an Underwritten
      Registration, the Company and the Holders are unable to obtain the
      commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer; or

              (c)   if in the good faith judgment of the Board, such
      Registration would be seriously detrimental to the Company and the
      Board concludes, as a result, that it is essential to defer the
      filing of such Registration Statement at such time, and the Company
      shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the President
      of the Company stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board,
      it would be seriously detrimental to the Company for such
      Registration Statement to be filed in the near future and that it is,
      therefore, essential to defer the filing of such Registration
      Statement. In such event, the Company shall have the right to defer
      such filing (except as provided in subparagraph (a) above) for a
      period of not more than one hundred eighty (180) days after

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      receipt of the request of the Holders; provided, however, that the
      Company shall not defer its obligation in this manner more than once
      in any 12-month period.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall ensure that no such 
Registration shall become effective with respect to any Registrable 
Securities subject to an applicable Lock-up Period until after the 
expiration of the applicable Lock-up Period. Furthermore, the Company shall 
not be required to effect more than three (3) Registrations, which may be 
either Long-Form Registrations or Short-Form Registrations, under this 
Section 2.01 on behalf of the Holders; provided, however, that a 
Registration shall not be counted for such purposes unless such Long-Form 
Registration has become effective and all of the Registrable Securities 
requested by the Requesting Holders to be registered on behalf of the 
Requesting Holders in such Long-Form Registration have been sold, in 
accordance with Section 3.01(a) of this Agreement; and provided, further, 
however, that the Company will not be obligated to effect any such 
Short-Form Registration:

              (a)   if Form S-3 is not available for such offering;

              (b)   if in the good faith judgment of the Board, such
      Registration would be seriously detrimental to the Company and the
      Board concludes, as a result, that it is essential to defer the
      filing of such Registration Statement at such time, and the Company
      shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the President
      of the Company stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board,
      it would be seriously detrimental to the Company for such
      Registration Statement to be filed in the near future and that it is,
      therefore, essential to defer the filing of such Registration
      Statement. In such event, the Company shall have the right to defer
      such filing (except as provided in subparagraph (a) above) for a
      period of not more than one hundred eighty (180) days after receipt
      of the request of the Holders; provided, however, that the Company
      shall not defer its obligation in this manner more than once in any
      12-month period;

              (c)   if the Company has effected one (1) Short-Form
      Registration within the six (6) month period prior to the current
      request for Short-Form Registration; or

              (d)   if the Registrable Securities to be covered by such
      registration statement do not, in the aggregate, exceed $500,000.

        2.02    Piggyback Registration.    Each time the Company decides to 
file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act (other than on Forms 
S-4 or S-8 or any successor form for the registration of securities issued 
or to be issued in connection with a merger or acquisition or employee 
benefit plan), the Company shall give written notice thereof to the Holders 
as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) business days 
before the intended filing date, which notice shall disclose the amount and 
type of securities to be included in such Registration Statement, the 
intended method(s) of distribution and the name of the proposed managing 
underwriter or underwriters, if any. The Company shall include in such 
Registration Statement such Registrable Securities for which it has 
received written requests for registration within ten (10) business days 
after such written notice has been given. If in the good faith judgment of 
the managing underwriter in any Underwritten Offering, the inclusion of all 
of the Registrable Securities and any other Common Stock (including shares 
of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the exercise or conversion of other 
securities of the Company) requested to be registered by third parties 
holding similar registration rights (the "Other Securities") would 
interfere with the successful marketing of a smaller number of such 
securities, then the number of Registrable Securities and Other Securities 
to be included in the offering (except for shares to be issued by the 
Company in an offering initiated by the Company) shall be reduced as 
provided herein. The Company shall advise all holders of securities 
requesting registration of the underwriters' decision, and the number of 
securities that are entitled to be included in the Underwritten 
Registration shall be allocated first to the Company for securities being 
sold for its own account and thereafter as set forth in Section 2.03 
below.

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        2.03    Registration Cutback.    In any circumstance in which all 
of the Registrable Securities and Other Securities requested to be included 
in a Registration on behalf of the Holders or other selling stockholders 
cannot be so included as a result of limitations of the aggregate number of 
Registrable Securities and Other Securities that may be so included, the 
number of Registrable Securities and Other Securities that may be so 
included shall be allocated among the Holders and other selling 
stockholders requesting inclusion of Other Securities pro rata on the basis 
of the number of Registrable Securities and Other Securities that would be 
held by such Holders and other selling stockholders, assuming conversion. 
If any Holder or other selling stockholder does not request inclusion of 
the maximum number of shares of Registrable Securities and Other Securities 
allocated to such Holder or other selling stockholder pursuant to the 
above-described procedure, the remaining portion of such Holder's or other 
selling stockholder's allocation shall be reallocated among those 
requesting Holders and other selling stockholders whose allocations did not 
satisfy their requests, pro rata on the basis of the number of Registrable 
Securities and Other Securities which would be held by such Holders and 
other selling stockholders, assuming conversion, and this procedure shall 
be repeated until all of the shares of Registrable Securities and Other 
Securities which may be included in the registration on behalf of Holders 
and other selling stockholders have been so allocated.

        2.04    Cancellation of Registration.    A majority of the 
Requesting Holders shall have the right to cancel a proposed Registration 
of Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2.01 when, (i) in their 
discretion, market conditions are so unfavorable as to be seriously 
detrimental to an offering pursuant to such Registration or (ii) the 
request for cancellation is based upon material adverse information 
relating to the Company that is different from the information known to the 
Requesting Holders at the time of their written request for a Demand 
Registration. Such cancellation of a Registration shall not be counted as 
one of the three (3) Registrations provided for in Section 2.01 above and, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company 
shall be responsible for the expenses of the Requesting Holders incurred in 
connection with the Registration prior to the time of such cancellation.

        2.05    Suspension of Registration.    If the filing, initial 
effectiveness or continued use of a Registration Statement in respect of a 
Demand Registration at any time would require the Company to make an 
Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion in such Registration 
Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for 
reasons beyond the Company's control, the Company may, upon giving prompt 
written notice of such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial 
effectiveness of, or suspend use of, such Registration Statement for the 
shortest possible period of time determined in good faith by the Company to 
be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises its 
rights under the preceding sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, 
immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use 
of the prospectus relating to the Demand Registration in connection with 
any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities. The Company shall 
immediately notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during which 
it exercised its rights under this Section 2.05.

ARTICLE III
COMPANY PROCEDURES

        3.01    General Procedures.    If and whenever the Company is 
required to register Registrable Securities, the Company will use its best 
efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale of such Registrable 
Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, 
and pursuant thereto the Company will as expeditiously as possible:

              (a)   prepare and file with the SEC as soon as practicable a
      Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities
      and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration
      Statement to become effective and remain effective until the
      Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement have
      been sold;

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

              (b)   prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and
      post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such
      supplements to the Prospectus, as may be requested by the Holders or
      any underwriter of Registrable Securities or as may be required by
      the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration
      form used by the Company or by the Securities Act or rules and
      regulations thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective
      until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration
      Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan of
      distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or supplement
      to the Prospectus;

              (c)   deliver to the Holders and the underwriters, if any,
      without charge, as many copies of each Prospectus (and each
      preliminary prospectus) as such Persons may reasonably request (the
      Company hereby consenting to the use of each such Prospectus (or
      preliminary prospectus) by the selling Holders and the underwriters,
      if any, in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable
      Securities covered by such Prospectus (or preliminary prospectus) and
      a reasonable number of copies of the then-effective Registration
      Statement and any post-effective amendments thereto and any
      supplements to the Prospectus, including financial statements and
      schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference and all
      exhibits (including those incorporated by reference);

              (d)   prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities,
      register or qualify or cooperate with the Holders, the underwriters,
      if any, and their respective counsel in connection with the
      registration or qualification of such Registrable Securities for
      offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such
      jurisdictions as such selling Holders or underwriters may designate
      in writing and do anything else necessary or advisable to enable the
      disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities
      covered by the Registration Statement; provided, however, that the
      Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in
      any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified or to take any
      action which would subject it to general service of process in any
      such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject;

              (e)   cause all such Registrable Securities to be listed on
      each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which
      similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

              (f)    provide a transfer agent or warrant agent, as
      applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities not
      later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;

              (g)   advise each seller of such Registrable Securities,
      promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof,
      of the issuance of any stop order by the SEC suspending the
      effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or
      threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly use its
      reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or
      to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued;

              (h)   at least three (3) days prior to the filing of any
      Registration Statement or prospectus or any amendment or supplement
      to such Registration Statement or prospectus or any document that is
      to be incorporated by reference into such Registration Statement or
      prospectus, furnish a copy thereof to each seller of such Registrable
      Securities or its counsel;

              (i)    notify the Holders at any time when a prospectus
      relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered
      under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result
      of which the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as
      then in effect, includes a Misstatement, and then to correct such
      Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.04;

              (j)    permit a representative of the Holders, the
      underwriters, if any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such
      Holders or underwriter to participate, at each such Person's own
      expense, in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause
      the Company's officers, directors and employees to supply all
      information reasonably requested by any such representative,

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the
      Registration; provided, however, that such representatives or
      underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and
      substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the
      release or disclosure of any such information;

              (k)   obtain a "cold comfort" letter from the Company's
      independent public accountants in the event of an Underwritten
      Registration, in customary form and covering such matters of the type
      customarily covered by "cold comfort" letters as the managing
      underwriter may reasonably request, and reasonably satisfactory to a
      majority in interest of the participating Holders;

              (l)    on the date the Registrable Securities are delivered
      for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such
      date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such
      Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales
      agent, if any, and the underwriters, if any, covering such legal
      matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such
      opinion is being given as the Holders, placement agent, sales agent,
      or underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included
      in such opinions, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority in
      interest of the participating Holders;

              (m)  in the event of any Underwritten Offering, enter into
      and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual
      and customary form, with the managing underwriter of such offering;

              (n)   make available to its security holders, as soon as
      reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of
      at least twelve months beginning with the first day of the Company's
      first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the
      Registration Statement which satisfies the provisions of Section
      11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder;

              (o)   if the Registration involves the registration of
      Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of
      $100,000,000, use its reasonable efforts to make available senior
      executives of the Company and its subsidiaries to participate in
      customary "road show" presentations that may be reasonably requested
      by the underwriter in any Underwritten Offering; and

              (p)   otherwise cooperate reasonably with, and take such
      customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in
      connection with such Registration.

        3.02    Registration Expenses.    The Registration Expenses of all 
Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the 
Holders that the Holders will bear all incremental selling expenses 
relating to the sale of the Registrable Securities, such as underwriters' 
commissions and discounts, brokerage fees, underwriter marketing costs and, 
other than as set forth in the definition of "Registration Expenses," all 
fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

        3.03    Requirements for Participation in Underwritten Offerings.   
 No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity 
securities of the Company pursuant to a Registration initiated by the 
Company hereunder unless such Person (a) agrees to sell such Person's 
securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved 
by the Company and (b) completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of 
attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and 
other documents required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

        3.04    Suspension of Sales.    Upon receipt of written notice from 
the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains a 
Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition 
of Registrable Securities until it has received copies of a supplemented or 
amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that 
the Company hereby covenants to prepare and file such supplement or 
amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice), or until 
it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may 
be resumed.

        3.05    Reporting Obligations.    As long as any Holder shall own 
Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be 
reporting under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace 
period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date 
hereof pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to 
promptly furnish the Holders with true and complete copies of all such 
filings. The Company further covenants that it will take such further 
action as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required 
from time to time to enable such Holder to sell shares of Common Stock held 
by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the 
limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the 
Securities Act ("Rule 144"), including providing any legal opinions. Upon 
the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a 
written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether it has 
complied with such requirements.

        3.06    Indemnification.    

              (a)   The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent
      permitted by law, the Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers
      and directors and each Person who controls such Holder (within the
      meaning of the Securities Act) against all losses, claims, damages,
      liabilities and expenses (including attorneys' fees) caused by any
      untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any
      Registration Statement, prospectus or preliminary prospectus or any
      amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or alleged
      omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or
      necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except
      insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information
      furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use
      therein. The Company will indemnify the underwriters, their officers
      and directors and each Person who controls such underwriters (within
      the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided
      above with respect to the indemnification of the Holder.

              (b)   In connection with any Registration Statement in which
      a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder will
      furnish to the Company in writing such information and affidavits as
      the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such
      Registration Statement or prospectus and, to the extent permitted by
      law, will indemnify the Company, its directors and officers and
      agents and each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning
      of the Securities Act) against any losses, claims, damages,
      liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable
      attorneys' fees) resulting from any untrue statement of material fact
      contained in the Registration Statement, prospectus or preliminary
      prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any
      omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or
      necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only to
      the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any
      information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder
      expressly for use therein; provided, however, that the obligation to
      indemnify will be several, not joint and several, among such Holders
      of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder of
      Registrable Securities will be in proportion to and limited to the
      gross proceeds received by such Holder from the sale or Registrable
      Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. The Holders of
      Registrable Securities will indemnify the underwriters, their
      officers, directors and each Person who controls such underwriters
      (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as
      provided above with respect to indemnification of the Company.

              (c)   Any Person entitled to indemnification herein will (i)
      give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim
      with respect to which it seeks indemnification (provided that the
      failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any Person's right to
      indemnification hereunder to the extent such failure has not
      materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such
      indemnified party's reasonable judgment a conflict of interest
      between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with
      respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying party to assume the
      defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the
      indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the indemnifying party
      will not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the
      indemnified party without its consent (but such consent will not be
      unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to,
      or elects not to, assume the

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      defense of a claim will not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses
      of more than one counsel for all parties indemnified by such
      indemnifying party with respect to such claim, unless in the
      reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest
      may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such
      indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party
      shall, without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to the
      entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be
      settled in all respects by the payment of money (and such money is so
      paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such
      settlement) or which settlement does not include as an unconditional
      term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such
      indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect to such
      claim or litigation.

              (d)   The indemnification provided for under this Agreement
      will remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation
      made by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer,
      director or controlling person of such indemnified party and will
      survive the transfer of securities. The Company and each Holder of
      Registrable Securities participating in the offering also agrees to
      make such provisions as are reasonably requested by any indemnified
      party for contribution to such party in the event the Company's or
      such Holder's indemnification is unavailable for any reason.

              (e)   If the indemnification provided for in this Section
      3.06 from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to
      hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses, claims,
      damages, liabilities and expenses referred to herein, then the
      indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party,
      shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified
      party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities and
      expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative
      fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, as well as
      any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of
      the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall be determined by
      reference to, among other things, whether any action in question,
      including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
      or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made
      by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or
      indemnified party, and the indemnifying party's and indemnified
      party's relative intent, knowledge, access to information and
      opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however,
      that the liability of any Holder under this Section 3.06(f) shall be
      limited to the amount of the gross proceeds received by such Holder
      in the offering giving rise to such liability. The amount paid or
      payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities
      referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject to the
      limitations set forth in subsections (a) through (c) above, any legal
      or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred by such party
      in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties
      hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution
      pursuant to this Section 3.06(f) were determined by pro rata
      allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take
      account of the equitable considerations referred to in this Section
      3.06(f). No Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
      meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to
      contribution pursuant to this Section 3.06(f) from any Person who was
      not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

ARTICLE IV
MISCELLANEOUS

        4.01    Notices.    Any notice or communication under this 
Agreement must be in writing and given by (a) deposit in the United States 
mail, addressed to the party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered 
or certified with return receipt requested, (b) delivery in person or by 
courier service providing evidence of delivery, or (c) transmission by 
telecopy. Each notice or communication that is mailed, delivered, or 
transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently 
given,

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------

served, sent, and received, in the case of mailed notices, on the third 
business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of 
notices delivered by hand, courier service, or telecopy, at such time as it 
is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt or the affidavit 
of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon 
presentation. Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be 
addressed to the addressee at the address set forth below such Person's 
signature on the signature pages to this Agreement. Any party may change 
its address for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice 
to the other parties hereto, and such change of address will become 
effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as provided in 
this Section 4.01.

        4.02    Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries.    

              (a)   This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations
      of the Company hereunder may not be assigned by the Company in whole
      or in part. Prior to the expiration of the Lock-Up Period, this
      Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Holders
      hereunder may be assigned by any Holder of Registrable Securities in
      conjunction with and to the extent of any valid transfer of such
      Registrable Securities by any such Holder. Following the expiration
      of the Lock-Up Period, only the Sponsor and the Founder may assign or
      delegate their rights, duties and obligations hereunder in
      conjunction with and to the extent of any valid transfer of the
      Registrable Securities held by the Sponsor or Founder.

              (b)   This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations
      of the Founder hereunder may be freely assigned or delegated by the
      Founder to any Co-Investment Affiliate in conjunction with and to the
      extent of any valid assignment by the Founder to such Co-Investment
      Affiliate of the Founder's obligation to purchase the Co-Investment
      Units pursuant to the Co-Investment Agreement.

              (c)   No assignment by any party hereto of such party's
      rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or
      obligate the Company unless and until the Company shall have received
      (i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 4.01 
      hereof and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in a form
      reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and
      provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an
      addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer
      or assignment made other than as provided in this Section 4.02 shall
      be null and void.

              (d)   This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be
      binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties
      and their respective successors and the permitted assigns of the
      Holders or of any assignee of the Holders. This Agreement is not
      intended to confer any rights or benefits on any persons not a party
      hereto other than as expressly set forth in this Section 4.02.

        4.03    Counterparts.    This Agreement may be executed in multiple 
counterparts (including facsimile counterparts), each of which shall be 
deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute the same 
instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

        4.04    Governing Law; Venue.    NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE 
THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES 
EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED 
UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS AMONG 
DELAWARE RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN 
DELAWARE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS OF SUCH 
JURISDICTION.

        4.05    Amendments and Modifications.    Upon the written consent 
of the Company and the Holders who hold at least sixty-six and two-thirds 
percent (662/3%) of the Registrable Securities, compliance with any of the 
provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be 
waived, or any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended 
or modified; provided,

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver 
hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in its capacity as a 
holder of the shares of capital stock of the Company, in a manner that is 
materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall 
require the consent of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between 
any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or 
delay on the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or 
remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights or 
remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any 
rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a 
waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder 
or thereunder by such party.

        4.06    Other Registration Rights.    The Company will not grant to 
any Person the right to require the Company to register any equity 
securities of the Company, or any securities convertible or exchangeable 
into or exercisable for such securities, which conflicts with the 
registration rights granted hereunder.

        4.07    Termination.    This Agreement shall terminate and the 
registration rights granted hereunder shall expire on the date that is five 
(5) years after the Prospectus Date; provided that such termination and 
expiration shall not affect registration rights exercised prior to such 
date.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to 
be executed as of the date first written above.


  	
  	
COMPANY:

  	
  	
HICKS ACQUISITION COMPANY I, INC.,
a Delaware corporation

  	
  	
By: 	
    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Joseph B. Armes
President, Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer

  	
Address: 	
100 Crescent Court, Suite 1200
Dallas, Texas 75201
Fax: (214) 615-2221

  	
HOLDERS: 	
  	
 

  	
    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thomas O. Hicks

  	
Address: 	
100 Crescent Court, Suite 1200
Dallas, Texas 75201
Fax: (214) 615-2221

  	
  	
HH-HACI, L.P.,
a Delaware limited partnership

  	
  	
By: 	
HH-HACI GP, LLC
its general partner

  	
  	
By: 	
  	
    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thomas O. Hicks
Manager

  	
Address: 	
100 Crescent Court, Suite 1200
Dallas, Texas 75201
Fax: (214) 615-2221

  	
    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
William H. Cunningham
  	Address: 	P.O. Box E
Austin, Texas 78713

  	
    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
William A. Montgomery
  	Address: 	100 Crescent Court, Suite 475
Dallas, Texas 75201

  	
    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Brian Mulroney
  	Address: 	1981 McGill College Avenue
Montreal, Quebec Canada
c/o Ogilvy Renault

  	
    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
William F. Quinn
  	Address: 	4151 Amon Carter Blvd.
Fort Worth, Texas 76155

Signature Page to
Registration Rights Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------

