 EX-10 2 cmw3127a.htm EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

        This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT is made 
effective as of September 13, 2007 (Agreement) and amends and restates 
the Amended and Restated Employment and Non-Compete Agreement, dated as of 
October 14, 2004, by and between SOUTHERN PROSTHETIC SUPPLY, INC., a 
Georgia corporation (the Company), and RONALD N. MAY (the Executive). 
The Company and Executive agree to amend and restate the Agreement as 
follows:

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual 
agreements set forth below, both parties agree as follows:

  	1. 	Employment; Termination Date.


        1.1    Employment. The Company agrees to employ Executive and 
Executive accepts such employment by the Company upon the terms and 
conditions set forth in this Agreement, for the period beginning on the 
date of this Agreement (the Commencement Date) and ending upon 
termination pursuant to Section 4 or Section 5 (the Employment Period). 
Executive agrees not to use or disclose in the course of Executives 
employment with the Company any confidential information or trade secrets 
of any other Person.

        1.2    Termination Date.For purposes of this Agreement, the term 
Termination Date shall mean (i) if the Executives employment is 
terminated by the Company for any reason whatsoever, other than death or 
Disability, the Executives last day of work; (ii) if the Executives 
employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, the date of 
death of the Executive or the effective date of the Disability, as the case 
may be; and (iii) if the Executives employment is terminated by the 
Executive, the expiration date of the applicable notice period that is 
required pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no 
Termination Date shall be earlier than the date as of which the Executive 
has incurred a separation from service within the meaning of Internal 
Revenue Code (Code) Section 409A, as determined by applying the default 
rules thereof.

  	2. 	Services.


        During the Employment Period, Executive agrees (i) to devote 
Executives best efforts and substantially all of Executives business time 
and attention to the business affairs of the Company (except for reasonable 
vacation periods subject to the reasonable approval of the Company or 
reasonable periods of illness or other incapacity); (ii) to serve the 
Company as its President and Chief Operating Officer, to serve Hanger 
Orthopedic Group, Inc. (Hanger) as an Executive Vice President and to 
render such services as the Company or Hanger may from time to time direct; 
provided, however, that Executive recognizes and agrees that Hanger or the 
Company may change Executives job description as set forth in this Section 
2 as a result of a good faith restructuring of the Companys or Hangers 
operations; (iii) that Executive will not, except with the prior written 
consent of the Company, become engaged in or render services for any 
business other than the business of the Company; and (iv) that Executive 
will follow the policies and procedures of the Company, as set forth by the 
Company from time to time, as well as all applicable federal and state 
healthcare laws, rules and regulations.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	3. 	Salary, Incentive Bonus, Stock Options, Other Benefits.


        3.1    Salary. In consideration for the valuable services to be 
rendered by Executive and for Executives agreement not to disclose or use 
Confidential Information of the Company as described in Section 6 and not 
to compete against the Company as described in Section 7, the Company 
hereby agrees that during the first year of the Employment Period during 
which this Agreement is executed, the Company will pay Executive a 
bi-weekly gross salary at the annual rate of $240,000.00, less all 
applicable payroll taxes and other normal deductions (the Base Salary), 
payable at the bi-weekly gross rate of $9,230.77. Executives Base Salary 
may, but is not required to, be increased annually in January of each year 
based on an annual performance salary review as determined in the 
reasonable discretion of the Company.

        3.2    Bonus.

            (a)     In addition to the Base Salary, the Executive shall 
participate in Hangers current bonus plan for senior corporate officers 
(the Bonus Plan), as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board 
of Directors of Hanger (Board of Directors) in each calendar year during 
the term of this Agreement. The Executives target bonus is fifty percent 
(50%) of the Base Salary (the Target Bonus) and is contingent on the 
Executive meeting certain performance criteria and Hanger achieving certain 
year-end financial criteria, and up to one hundred percent (100%) of the 
Base Salary (the Maximum Bonus) if the Executive exceeds certain 
performance criteria and Hanger exceeds certain year-end financial criteria 
all as determined in the reasonable discretion of the Board of Directors 
and its Compensation Committee. The Executive shall be entitled to such 
increases in the Target Bonus and the Maximum Bonus during the term 
hereof as shall be determined and approved by the Compensation Committee of 
the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, taking account of the 
performance of Hanger, the Company and the Executive, and other factors 
generally considered relevant to the salaries of executives holding similar 
positions with enterprises comparable to the Company. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in the event that the Executive, Hanger or the Company fail to 
attain their minimum respective criteria in any given year, the Board of 
Directors and its Compensation Committee may, in their reasonable 
discretion, decline to award any bonus to the Executive.

        (b)     The bonus shall be payable between January 1 and March 15 
(inclusive) of the calendar year following the calendar year for which the 
bonus is determined in accordance with the Companys normal practices. In 
the event that the Executive is employed for less than the full calendar 
year in the year in which his Termination Date occurs (Termination Year), 
the bonus payable to the Executive shall be subject to Sections 4 and 5 of 
this Agreement and calculated based on the Executive meeting certain 
performance criteria and Hanger achieving certain year-end financial 
criteria, all as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of 
Directors, in its sole discretion. Such bonus shall be pro-rated for the 
portion of the Termination Year during which the Executive was employed by 
the Company. With respect to the bonus for the Termination Year, any bonus 
payable pursuant to this Section 3.2(b) shall be payable to the Executive 
between January 1 and March 15 (inclusive) of the calendar year following 
the calendar year for which the bonus is determined in accordance with the 
Companys normal practices.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

3.3    Stock Options & Restricted Stock.

            (a)     In addition to the Base Salary, Executive may have the 
opportunity to receive options to purchase stock or restricted shares of 
stock of Hanger in a manner consistent with any stock option or restricted 
share plan adopted by Hanger. The determination as to the amount of stock, 
if any, to be purchased under such stock option or restricted share plan 
shall be subject to the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of Hanger 
or a committee thereof.

            (b)     The options or restricted shares provided in 
subparagraph (a) of this Section 3.3 shall be evidenced by a stock option 
agreement or restricted share grant agreement (Stock Agreement) between 
the Executive and Hanger, which Stock Agreement shall provide for a vesting 
schedule of four (4) years, in equal parts, of the options or restricted 
shares granted thereunder. Notwithstanding any provisions now or hereafter 
existing under any stock incentive plan of Hanger, all options or 
restricted shares granted to the Executive shall vest in full immediately 
upon the Termination Date except for termination of employment pursuant to 
Section 4.3 or Section 4.5 hereof, and the Executive (or his estate or 
legal representative, if applicable) shall thereafter have twelve (12) 
months from such Termination Date to exercise such options, if applicable.

            (c)     Notwithstanding any provisions now or hereafter 
existing under any stock option plan or restricted share plan of Hanger, in 
the event of a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined), all options or 
restricted shares provided to the Executive pursuant to Section 3.3(a) of 
this Agreement or any Stock Agreement shall be granted and shall 
immediately fully vest as of the date of such Change in Control with such 
options or restricted shares being valued at the closing price of Hangers 
common stock on the day prior to the day of the Change in Control.

        (d)     For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control shall 
be deemed to exist if:

  	(i) 	a person, as defined in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (other than the Executive or a group including the 
Executive), either (A) acquires twenty percent (20%) or more of the 
combined voting power of the outstanding securities of Hanger having the 
right to vote in elections of directors and such acquisition shall not have 
been approved within sixty (60) days following such acquisition by a 
majority of the Continuing Directors (as hereinafter defined) then in 
office, or (B) acquires fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting 
power of the outstanding securities of Hanger having a right to vote in 
elections of directors; or

  	(ii) 	Continuing Directors shall for any reason cease to constitute a 
majority of the Board of Directors; or


3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(iii) 	Hanger disposes of all or substantially all of the business of 
Hanger to a party or parties other than a subsidiary or other affiliate of 
Hanger pursuant to a partial or complete liquidation of Hanger, sale of 
assets (including stock of a subsidiary of Hanger) or otherwise; or

  	(iv) 	the Board of Directors approves Hangers consolidation or merger 
with or into any other person (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Hanger), or any other persons consolidation or merger with or into Hanger, 
which results in all or part of the outstanding shares of Stock being 
changed in any way or converted into or exchanged for stock or other 
securities or cash or any other property.


            (e)     For purposes of this Agreement, the term Continuing 
Director shall mean a member of the Board of Directors who either was a 
member of the Board of Directors on the date hereof or who subsequently 
became a Director of Hanger and whose election, or nomination for election, 
was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the Continuing 
Directors then in office.

        3.4    Benefits. Executive also shall be entitled to (i) an 
automobile allowance in the amount of Seven Hundred Dollars ($700.00) per 
month, (ii) five (5) weeks of vacation per year, and (iii) sick leave, 
medical and other benefits that are consistent with those received by other 
similarly-situated senior executives of Hanger and its subsidiaries as 
determined in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the 
Board of Directors. Executive shall receive life insurance in an amount 
equal to one (1) times Executives Base Salary (in addition to the life 
insurance in an amount equal to one (1) times Executives Base Salary 
provided by the Company as part of Executives base benefit program), with 
the premiums for such policy to be paid by the Company, and Executive shall 
also receive the option to participate in the Companys supplemental life 
and accidental death and dismemberment policies, with the premiums for such 
policies to be paid by Executive, all in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of such policies as generally applied by the Company.

        3.5    Parachute Penalties. For all payments made or required to be 
made pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including any payments made 
with respect to the Executives termination of employment for any reason, 
the Company shall determine and pay the Executive, as soon as practicable, 
an amount sufficient to cover the gross-up of any excise, income and other 
taxes resulting from the imposition of the parachute penalties of the Code 
or applicable state tax laws. Such determination and payment by the Company 
shall be made six (6) months and one (1) day after the Executives 
Termination Date or, if later, before the end of the calendar year 
following the calendar year in which the Executive paid any such excise 
tax.

  	4. 	Termination of Employment.


        4.1    Death.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

            (a)     The Executives employment shall be terminated by the 
Executives death. In the event of the death of the Executive, the Company 
shall pay to the estate or other legal representative of the Executive the 
Base Salary and vacation as accrued through the Termination Date (at the 
annual rate then in effect) and the bonus provided for in Section 3.2 for 
the Termination Year (as well as any then earned but unpaid bonus for the 
year preceding the Termination Year, if applicable).

            (b)     In addition to the payments described in Section 
4.1(a), the Company shall pay a death benefit of an additional eighteen 
(18) months of Base Salary and an additional bonus payment (Additional 
Bonus Payment) equal to one and one-half (1.5) times the Target Bonus for 
the Termination Year. Such payment shall be made in one (1) lump sum 
payment, with such payment to be made to the estate or other legal 
representative of the Executive within forty-five (45) days after receipt 
by the Company of notice of Executives death. The Executives estate or 
legal representative shall have no right to designate the taxable year of 
payment. Rights and benefits of the estate or other legal representative of 
the Executive under the benefit plans and programs of the Company shall be 
determined in accordance with the provisions of such plans and programs.

        4.2    Disability.

            (a)     Disability means, for purposes of this Agreement, 
that the Executive is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity 
by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which 
can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a 
continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months.

            (b)     If the Executive shall incur a Disability, the 
employment of the Executive shall be terminated. In the event of such 
termination, the Company shall pay to the Executive the Base Salary and 
vacation accrued through the Termination Date (at the annual rate then in 
effect) and the bonus provided for in Section 3.2 for the Termination Year 
(as well as any then earned but unpaid bonus for the year preceding the 
Termination Year, if applicable).

            (c)     In addition to the payments described in Section 
4.2(a), the Company shall pay to the Executive, for a period of six (6) 
months following such termination, a monthly severance benefit consisting 
of: (i) the difference between the Executives monthly Base Salary at the 
Termination Date and the monthly disability pay benefits received by the 
Executive and (ii) an amount equal to one-eighteenth (1/18th) of the 
Additional Bonus Payment; provided, however, that the Company reserves the 
right to pay such amounts according to its normal payroll practices. Any 
portion of this severance benefit that is in excess of the lesser of two 
(2) times (i) the Executives annualized rate of compensation for the 
preceding taxable year (adjusted for certain increases that would have been 
received in the normal course of employment) or (ii) the Code Section 
401(a)(17) compensation limit for qualified plan purposes as in effect for 
the Termination Year shall not be paid as a monthly severance benefit but 
shall be paid to the Executive six (6) months and one day after the 
Termination Date. On the day following the six (6) month anniversary of the 
Termination Date, Executive shall receive an amount equal to (i) twelve 
(12) months of the Executives monthly Base Salary at the Termination Date, 
less the amount of monthly disability pay benefits to which Executive will 
be entitled over the twelve (12) month period immediately following the six 
(6) month anniversary of the Termination Date and (ii) two-thirds (2/3) of 
the Additional Bonus Payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event 
that Hanger is no longer a publicly-traded entity as of the Termination 
Date, or ceases to be a publicly-traded entity within the six (6) month 
period immediately following the Termination Date, then the Company shall 
pay to Executive the payments set forth in this Section 4.2(c), or any 
unpaid portion thereof, as applicable, within forty-five (45) days from the 
later of (i) the Termination Date or (ii) the date Hanger ceased to be a 
publicly-traded entity. Rights and benefits of the Executive under the 
other benefit plans and programs of the Company shall be determined in 
accordance with the terms and provisions of such plans and programs. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the death of the Executive 
occurs within six (6) months following the Termination Date, the Company 
shall pay to the Executives estate any unpaid portion of the amounts due 
to be paid to the Executive pursuant to this Section 4.2(c) within 
forty-five (45) days following receipt by the Company of notice of 
Executives death. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments under this 
Section 4.2(c) unless Executive has first duly executed the form of 
agreement and general release attached hereto as Exhibit A (Release) on 
or immediately following the Termination Date; provided, however, that, in 
the event of any change in any applicable law (or interpretation thereof), 
the Release shall be subject to reasonable modification by the parties so 
as to preserve the intent of the parties with respect to such Release.

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        4.3    Due Cause. The employment of Executive hereunder may be 
terminated by the Company at any time for Due Cause (as hereinafter 
defined). In the event of such termination, the Company shall pay to the 
Executive the Base Salary (at the annual rate then in effect) and vacation 
accrued through the Termination Date and not theretofore paid to the 
Executive. Rights and benefits of the Executive or his transferee under the 
benefit plans and programs of the Company shall be determined in accordance 
with the provisions of such plans and programs. For purposes hereof, Due 
Cause shall mean (i) the repeated failure or refusal of the Executive to 
follow the lawful directives of the Company or its designee (except due to 
sickness, injury or disabilities), (ii) gross inattention to duty or any 
other willful, reckless or grossly negligent act (or omission to act) by 
the Executive, which, in the good faith judgment of the Company, materially 
injures the Company, including the repeated failure to follow the policies 
and procedures of the Company, (iii) a material breach of this Agreement by 
the Executive or (iv) the commission by the Executive of a felony or other 
crime involving moral turpitude or an act of financial dishonesty against 
the Company.

        4.4    Termination by the Company Without Cause.

            (a)     The Company may terminate the Executives employment at 
any time, for whatever reason it deems appropriate or without reason; 
provided, however, that in the event that such termination is not pursuant 
to Section 4.1 (Death); 4.2 (Disability); 4.3 (Due Cause); 4.5 (Voluntary 
Termination); or 4.6 (Retirement), the Company shall pay to the Executive 
the Base Salary and vacation accrued through the Termination Date (at the 
annual rate then in effect) and the bonus provided for in Section 3.2 for 
the Termination Year (as well as any then earned but unpaid bonus for the 
year preceding the Termination Year, if applicable).

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

            (b)     In addition to the payments described in Section 
4.4(a), the Company shall pay to the Executive, within forty-five (45) days 
following the Termination Date, a severance payment in an amount equal to 
eighteen (18) months of the Base Salary (at the annual rate in effect 
immediately prior to termination) and the Additional Bonus Payment. Any 
portion of this severance benefit that is in excess of the lesser of two 
(2) times (i) the Executives annualized rate of compensation for the 
preceding taxable year (adjusted for certain increases that would have been 
received in the normal course of employment) or (ii) the Code Section 
401(a)(17) compensation limit for qualified plan purposes as in effect for 
the year in which the Termination Date occurs, shall not be paid as a 
severance benefit but shall be paid to the Executive in a single lump sum 
six (6) months and one day after the Termination Date. For eighteen (18) 
months following termination pursuant to this Section 4.4(b), the Company 
shall (i) reimburse the Executive for his reasonable costs of medical and 
dental coverage as provided under COBRA, (ii) reimburse the Executive for 
his reasonable costs incurred in maintaining his life and disability 
coverage, and (iii) reimburse the Executive for all other benefits granted 
to the Executive in Sections 3.4 and 3.5, each at levels substantially 
equivalent to those provided by the Company to the Executive immediately 
prior to the termination of his employment (including such other benefits 
as shall be provided to senior corporate officers of the Company in lieu of 
such benefits from time to time during the eighteen (18) month payment 
period), on the same basis, including the Companys payment of premiums and 
contributions, as such benefits are provided to other senior corporate 
officers of the Company or were provided to the Executive prior to the 
termination. Reimbursements of expenses which provide for nonqualified 
deferred compensation under Code Section 409A, if any, shall not be paid 
before six (6) months and one day after the Executives Termination Date. 
The amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits 
provided, during a taxable year of the Executive may not affect the 
expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided in 
any other taxable year. Reimbursements shall be paid on or before the last 
day of the Executives taxable year following the taxable year in which the 
expense was incurred. The right to reimbursement hereunder is not subject 
to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

        In addition, for a period of eighteen (18) months immediately 
following the Executives Termination Date, the Executive will be provided 
with outplacement services commensurate with those provided to other senior 
corporate officers of the Company through a vendor selected by the Company. 
Rights and benefits of the Executive or transferee under the benefit plans 
and programs of Hanger shall be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of such plans and programs.

            (c)     Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Hanger 
is no longer a publicly-traded entity as of the Termination Date, or ceases 
to be a publicly-traded entity within the six (6) month period immediately 
following the Termination Date, then the Company shall pay to Executive the 
payments set forth in Section 4.4(b), or any unpaid portion thereof, as 
applicable, within forty-five (45) days from the later of (i) the 
Termination Date or (ii) the date Hanger ceased to be a publicly-traded 
entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the death of the 
Executive occurs within six (6) months following the Termination Date, the 
Company shall pay to the Executives estate any unpaid portion of the 
amounts due to be paid to the Executive pursuant to Section 4.4(b) within 
forty-five (45) days following receipt by the Company of notice of 
Executives death.

            (d)     Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments under Section 
4.4(b) unless Executive has first duly executed the Release on or 
immediately following the Termination Date; provided, however, that, in the 
event of any change in any applicable law (or interpretation thereof), the 
Release shall be subject to reasonable modification by the parties so as to 
preserve the intent of the parties with respect to such Release.

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        4.5    Voluntary Termination.

        The Executive may terminate his employment with the Company at any 
time upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the Company and the 
Company shall pay to the Executive the Base Salary and vacation accrued 
through the Termination Date (at the annual rate then in effect) and the 
bonus provided for in Section 3.2 for the Termination Year (as well as any 
then earned but unpaid bonus for the year preceding the Termination Year, 
if applicable). Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, rights and 
benefits of the Executive or his transferee under the benefit plans and 
programs of Hanger shall be determined in accordance with provisions of 
such plans and programs.

            4.6    Retirement.

            (a)     In the event of the Executives Retirement (as defined 
in Section 4.6(b)), the Company shall pay to the Executive the Base Salary 
and vacation accrued through the date of Retirement (at the annual rate 
then in effect) and the bonus provided for in Section 3.2 for the 
Termination Year (as well as any then earned but unpaid bonus for the year 
preceding the Termination Year, if applicable). Except as otherwise 
provided in this Agreement, rights and benefits of the Executive or his 
transferee under the benefit plans and programs of the Company shall be 
determined in accordance with provisions of such plans and programs.

            (b)     Retirement shall mean the Executives voluntary 
termination of employment at or after age sixty-five (65), provided the 
Executive has given the Company written notice of the Executives intent to 
retire no less than one (1) year prior to the scheduled Termination Date 
and the Executive has, as of the scheduled Termination Date, been 
continuously employed with Hanger, including any of its direct or indirect 
subsidiaries, for a period of no less than ten (10) years.

  	5. 	Change In Control and Termination Provisions.


        If within a two (2) year period following any Change in Control 
there occurs:

            (a)     any termination of the Executive (other than as set 
forth in Section 4.1 (Death), 4.2 (Disability), 4.3 (Due Cause), 4.5 
(Voluntary Termination) or 4.6 (Retirement) of this Agreement);

            (b)     a material diminution of the Executives 
responsibilities, as compared to the Executives responsibilities 
immediately prior to the Change in Control;

            (c)     any reduction in the Base Salary or Bonus Plan targets 
(as distinguished from the payments received thereunder), as compared to 
such Base Salary or such targets as of the date immediately prior to the 
Change in Control;

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------

            (d)     any failure to provide the Executive with benefits: (1) 
at least as favorable as those enjoyed by similarly-situated senior 
corporate officers of the Company under the Companys pension, life 
insurance, medical, health and accident, disability or other written 
employee plans under which the form and/or amounts of benefits are 
prescribed in applicable documents or (2) granted to the Executive by this 
Agreement;

            (e)     any relocation of the Executives principal site of 
employment to a location more than fifty (50) miles from the Executives 
principal place of employment as of the date immediately prior to the 
Change in Control; or

            (f)     any material breach of this Agreement by the Company;

then, at the option of the Executive, exercisable by the Executive within 
ninety (90) days after the occurrence of any of the foregoing events, the 
Executive may resign his employment with the Company (or, if involuntarily 
terminated, give notice of his intention to collect benefits under this 
Agreement) by delivering a notice in writing (the Notice of Termination) 
to the Company, and the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Base 
Salary and vacation accrued to the Termination Date (at the annual rate 
then in effect) and the bonus provided for in Section 3.2 for the 
Termination Year (as well as any then earned but unpaid bonus for the year 
preceding the Termination Year, if applicable). In addition, the Company 
shall pay to the Executive six (6) months and one day after the Termination 
Date an amount equal to eighteen (18) months of the Base Salary (at the 
annual rate in effect immediately prior to termination) and the Additional 
Bonus Payment. In addition, the Company shall, for eighteen (18) months 
following the Termination Date, (i) reimburse the Executive for his 
reasonable costs of medical and dental coverage as provided under COBRA, 
(ii) reimburse the Executive for his reasonable costs incurred in 
maintaining his life and disability coverage, and (iii) reimburse the 
Executive for all other benefits granted to the Executive in Sections 3.4 
and 3.5, each at levels substantially equivalent to those provided by the 
Company to the Executive immediately prior to the termination of his 
employment (including such other benefits as shall be provided to senior 
corporate officers of the Company in lieu of such benefits from time to 
time during the eighteen (18) month payment period), on the same basis, 
including the Companys payment of premiums and contributions, as such 
benefits are provided to other senior corporate officers of the Company or 
were provided to the Executive prior to the termination. Reimbursements of 
expenses which provide for nonqualified deferred compensation under Code 
Section 409A, if any, shall not be paid before six (6) months and one day 
after the Executives Termination Date. The amount of expenses eligible for 
reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during a taxable year of the 
Executive may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or 
in-kind benefits to be provided in any other taxable year. Reimbursements 
shall be paid on or before the last day of the Executives taxable year 
following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred. The right to 
reimbursement hereunder is not subject to liquidation or exchange for 
another benefit.

        In addition, for a period of eighteen (18) months immediately 
following the Executives Termination Date, the Executive will be provided 
with outplacement services commensurate with those provided to other senior 
corporate officers of the Company through a vendor selected by the Company. 
Rights and benefits of the Executive or transferee under the benefit plans 
and programs of Hanger shall be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of such plans and programs.

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------

            (g)     Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Hanger 
is no longer a publicly-traded entity as of the Termination Date, or ceases 
to be a publicly-traded entity within the six (6) month period immediately 
following the Termination Date, then the Company shall pay to Executive the 
payments set forth in this Section 5, or any unpaid portion thereof, as 
applicable, within forty-five (45) days from the later of (i) the 
Termination Date or (ii) the date Hanger ceased to be a publicly-traded 
entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the death of the 
Executive occurs within six (6) months following the Termination Date, the 
Company shall pay to the Executives estate any unpaid portion of the 
amounts due to be paid to the Executive pursuant to this Section 5 within 
forty-five (45) days following receipt by the Company of notice of 
Executives death.

            (h)     Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to 
the contrary, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments under this 
Section 5 unless Executive has first duly executed the Release on or 
immediately following the Termination Date; provided, however, that, in the 
event of any change in any applicable law (or interpretation thereof), the 
Release shall be subject to reasonable modification by the parties so as to 
preserve the intent of the parties with respect to such Release.







10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	6. 	Confidential Information.


        Executive understands and acknowledges that the Confidential 
Information obtained by Executive during the course of Executives 
performance under this Agreement, and previously since Executive has 
already been an employee of the Company and Hanger, concerning the business 
or affairs of Hanger (including any direct or indirect subsidiary of 
Hanger) and/or the Company (including, without limitation, all such 
information and data and/or Executives work product for the Company on any 
Company computer, mobile communication device or other Company property) is 
the property of Hanger (including any direct or indirect subsidiary of 
Hanger) and/or the Company, as applicable. Executive hereby agrees that 
Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, at any time during the 
Non-Compete Period disclose to any unauthorized Person or use any 
Confidential Information in connection with any business activity other 
than that of the Company. Throughout the term of this Agreement and at all 
times after the Termination Date, Executive shall not directly or 
indirectly transmit or disclose any Trade Secret of Hanger (including any 
direct or indirect subsidiary of Hanger) or the Company to any unauthorized 
Person, and shall not make use of any such Trade Secret, directly or 
indirectly, for Executives own use or for the use of others, without the 
prior written consent of the Company. The parties acknowledge and agree 
that this Agreement is not intended to and does not alter either the 
Companys rights or Executives obligations under any state or federal 
statutory or common law regarding trade secrets and unfair trade practices. 
Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, Executive shall not be 
restricted from disclosing Confidential Information that is required to be 
disclosed by law; provided, however, that in the event disclosure is 
required by law, Executive shall provide the Company with prompt notice of 
such requirement so that the Company may seek an appropriate protective 
order prior to any such required disclosure by Executive.

  	7. 	Non-Compete.


        7.1     In the event the Employment Period is terminated under 
Sections 4.3, 4.5, 4.6 or 5, then this Section 7 will apply to Executive. 
In the event the Employment Period is otherwise terminated, such as 
pursuant to Section 4.4, then no part of this Section 7 will apply to 
Executive.

        7.2     Executive recognizes and acknowledges that by virtue of 
accepting employment as a senior executive of the Company hereunder, 
Executive will have access to and will acquire valuable training and highly 
specialized knowledge, including knowledge of the Companys fabrication, 
distribution, wholesaling and retailing methods and strategies, enhance 
Executives professional skills and experience, and learn proprietary Trade 
Secrets and Confidential Information of the Company and Hanger. In 
consideration of the foregoing, the severance benefits contained in 
Sections 4 and 5 of this Agreement and this employment contract, Executive 
agrees that during the Employment Period and for a period of two (2) years 
following the Termination Date (the Non-Compete Period), Executive will 
not, other than within the scope of Executives employment with the 
Company, directly or indirectly (whether as employee, director, owner, 
stockholder, consultant, partner (limited or general) or otherwise) engage 
in or provide Competitive Services within the Territory; nor shall 
Executive solicit any Company Customer or Company supplier with whom 
Executive had Material Contact with a view toward offering or providing to 
such Company Customer or Company supplier services the same or 
substantially similar to those offered or provided by Executive during 
Executives employment with the Company (the Non-Compete). Nothing herein 
will prevent Executive from being a passive owner of not more than 1% of 
the outstanding stock of any class of a corporation which is engaged in the 
business of orthotics and prosthetics and which is publicly traded, so long 
as Executive has no participation in the business of such corporation. 
Furthermore, during the Non-Compete Period, Executive shall not, without 
the Companys prior written consent, directly or indirectly, knowingly 
solicit or encourage or attempt to influence any Company Employee to leave 
the employment of the Company. Executive agrees that the restraint imposed 
under this Section 7 is reasonable and not unduly harsh or oppressive.

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        7.3     If, at the time of enforcement of any provision of Section 
7, a court or arbitrator holds that the restrictions stated therein are 
unreasonable or unenforceable under circumstances then existing, the 
Company and Executive agree that the maximum period, scope or geographical 
area reasonable or permissible under such circumstances will be substituted 
for the stated period, scope or area.

        7.4     Since a material purpose of this Agreement is to protect 
the Companys investment in Executive and to secure the benefits of 
Executives background and general experience in the industry, the parties 
hereto agree and acknowledge that money damages may not be an adequate 
remedy for any breach of the provisions of Section 6 or this Section 7 and 
that any such breach will cause the Company irreparable harm. Therefore, in 
the event of a breach by Executive of any of the provisions of Section 6 or 
this Section 7, the Company or its successors or assigns may, in addition 
to other rights and remedies existing in its favor, apply to any court of 
law or equity of competent jurisdiction for specific performance and/or 
injunctive or other relief in order to enforce or prevent any violations of 
the provisions of this Agreement.

        7.5     Executive specifically authorizes and permits the Company 
to provide any Person with which Executive serves (or may serve) as an 
employee, director, owner, stockholder, consultant, partner (limited or 
general) or otherwise with a copy of this Agreement or a general 
description of some or all of the terms of this Agreement.

  	8. 	Miscellaneous.


        Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be 
interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable 
law. The parties agree that (i) the provisions of this Agreement shall be 
severable in the event that any of the provisions hereof are for any reason 
whatsoever invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, (ii) such invalid, 
void or otherwise unenforceable provisions shall be automatically replaced 
by other provisions which are as similar as possible in terms to such 
invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable provisions but are valid and 
enforceable and (iii) the remaining provisions shall remain enforceable to 
the fullest extent permitted by law. This Agreement embodies the complete 
agreement and understanding among the parties and supersedes and preempts 
any prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the 
parties, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter 
hereof in any way. This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the 
benefit of and be enforceable by Executive and the Company, and their 
respective successors and assigns. Executive may not assign Executives 
rights or delegate Executives obligations hereunder without the prior 
written consent of the Company. The Company may assign its rights and 
delegate its duties hereunder without the consent of Executive to Permitted 
Transferees. All questions concerning the construction, validity and 
interpretation of the Agreement will be governed by the internal law, and 
not the law of conflicts, of the State of Georgia. All disputes under this 
Agreement shall be submitted to and governed by binding arbitration with an 
arbitrator from the American Arbitration Association; except only that the 
Company may seek relief in a court of competent jurisdiction in the event 
of a claimed violation of Section 6 or Section 7 of this Agreement. Any 
provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived only with the prior 
written consent of the Company and Executive. Notwithstanding anything in 
this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall unilaterally have the 
right to amend this Agreement to comply with Section 409A of the Code. This 
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different 
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall 
be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall 
constitute one and the same agreement. The parties further agree that 
facsimile signatures or signatures scanned into .pdf (or similar) format 
and sent by e-mail shall be deemed original signatures.

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	9. 	Notices.


        Any notice to be given hereunder shall be in writing and delivered 
personally or sent by certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt 
requested, addressed to the party concerned at the address indicated below 
or at such other address as such party may subsequently be designated by 
like notice:

  	 If to the Company:

c/o Hanger Orthopedic Group, Inc.
2 Bethesda Metro Center, Suite 1200
Bethesda, MD 20814
Attention: Vice President, Human Resources

If to the Executive:

Ronald N. May
9315 Raldon Road
Gainesville, Georgia 30506

10. 	Withholding.


        Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, all payments required to 
be made by the Company hereunder to the Executive or his beneficiaries, 
including his estate, shall be subject to withholding of such amounts 
relating to taxes as the Company may reasonably determine it should 
withhold pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. In lieu of 
withholding such amounts, in whole or in part, the Company may, in its sole 
discretion, accept other provisions for payment of taxes as permitted by 
law, provided it is satisfied in its sole discretion that all requirements 
of law affecting its responsibilities to withhold such taxes have been 
satisfied.

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
11. 	Survivorship.


        The respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder 
shall survive any termination of this Agreement to the extent necessary to 
the intended preservation of such rights and obligations.

12. 	Definitions.


        12.1    Company Customer shall mean any Person who has been a 
customer of the Company (including, without limitation, any podiatrist, 
patient care facility, pedorthist, practitioner or podiatric physician) at 
any time during the thirty-six (36) month period ending on the earlier of 
the Termination Date or the then current date.

        12.2    Company Employeeshall mean any Person who is an employee 
of the Company, Hanger or any direct or indirect subsidiary of Hanger and 
with whom the Executive had material contact in the scope of his duties 
under this Agreement at any time during the twenty-four (24) month period 
ending on the earlier of the Termination Date or the then current date.

        12.3    Competitive Services shall mean distributing orthotics, 
myo-orthotics and/or prosthetics products.

        12.4    Confidential Informationmeans all information regarding 
the Company and/or Hanger (including any direct or indirect subsidiary of 
Hanger), its activities, business, customers and suppliers that is the 
subject of reasonable efforts by the Company and/or Hanger (including any 
direct or indirect subsidiary of Hanger) to maintain its confidentiality 
and that is not generally disclosed by practice or authority to Persons not 
employed by the Company, but that does not rise to the level of a Trade 
Secret.

        12.5    Material Contact shall mean Executives (i) participation 
in business dealings with a Company Customer or supplier of the Company on 
the Companys behalf; or (ii) responsibility for supervising or 
coordinating the dealings between the Company and such Company Customer or 
supplier of the Company, all at any time during the twenty-four (24) month 
period ending on the earlier of the Termination Date or the then current 
date.

        12.6    Person shall mean and include an individual, a 
partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a limited liability company, a 
trust, an unincorporated organization and a governmental entity or any 
department or agency thereof.

        12.7    Permitted Transfereeshall mean (a) any successor by 
merger or consolidation to Hanger or the Company or any Permitted 
Transferee; (b) any purchaser of all or substantially all of Hangers or 
the Companys or any Permitted Transferees assets; (c) any parent or 
subsidiary corporation of Hanger or the Company; and (d) any lender to (i) 
Hanger or the Company, (ii) any Permitted Transferee and/or (iii) any 
affiliate of Hanger or the Company or of any Permitted Transferee.

        12.8     Territory shall mean the United States of America.

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        12.9     Trade Secret shall have the meaning as set forth in the 
Georgia Uniform Trade Secrets Act, O.C.G.A.ss. 10-1-760 et seq.

[The next page is the signature page.]













15

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement 
as of the 7th day of November, 2007.

SOUTHERN PROSTHETIC SUPPLY, INC.


  	By:  /s/ Ivan R. Sabel
        Ivan R. Sabel, Chairman


  	/s/ Ronald N. May
Ronald N. May










16

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT A


AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE

[Attached.]













17