 EX-10 2 financing8607subagreee101.htm EX 10.1 SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
FINANCING 8-6-07
EXHIBIT 10.1

GUARDIAN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL, INC.

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
("Agreement")

THE SECURITIES SUBSCRIBED FOR BY THIS AGREEMENT ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS 
ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT 
AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND APPLICABLE 
STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM.  
SUBSCRIBER SHOULD BE AWARE THAT SUBSCRIBER MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE 
FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME.  

THE SECURITIES SUBSCRIBED FOR BY THIS AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
CERTAIN STATES AND ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON EXEMPTIONS 
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF SAID ACT AND SUCH LAWS.  THE 
SECURITIES SUBSCRIBED FOR BY THIS AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY 
STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF 
THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE 
SECURITIES OFFERED BY THE COMPANY.  ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS 
UNLAWFUL.

Guardian Technologies International, Inc.
516 Herndon Parkway
Suite A
Herndon, Virginia 20170

[For Purchase of Units of Securities]

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned (the "Subscriber") desires to subscribe for and purchase 
units of securities (Units), each unit consisting of 125,000 shares of 
common stock, $.001 par value per share (the Common Stock), a Class F 
Common Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase 125,000 shares of Common Stock 
(the Class F Warrant), and a Class G Common Stock Purchase Warrant to 
purchase 125,000 shares of Common Stock (the Class G Warrant; the Class F 
Warrants and the Class G Warrants, the Warrants) to be issued by Guardian 
Technologies International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company) 
upon the terms set forth in the Confidential Investor Term Sheet attached 
hereto as Exhibit A (the Confidential Investor Term Sheet).  Accordingly, 
the Subscriber hereby agrees as follows:

1.

Subscription.  The Subscriber hereby subscribes for and agrees to purchase 
from the Company the number of Units to be issued by the Company, as set 
forth on the Signature Page attached to this Agreement, in consideration of 
the subscription amount set forth on the Signature Page.

2.

Purchase Procedure.  The Subscriber acknowledges that, in order to 
subscribe for the Units, Subscriber must, and Subscriber does hereby, 
deliver to the Company:

2.1

One (1) executed counterpart of the Signature Page attached to this 
Agreement together with appropriate notarization; and

2.2

A check, subject to collection, in the amount set forth on the Signature 
Page representing payment in full for the Units desired to be purchased 
hereunder, made payable to the order of Guardian


1


Technologies International, Inc., or shall cause a wire transfer of 
immediately available United States funds in favor of Guardian 
Technologies International, Inc. for such amount in accordance with wire 
transfer instructions to be furnished by the Company.

2.3

An executed copy of a Confidential Purchaser Questionnaire.

3.

Representations of Subscriber.  By executing this Agreement, the Subscriber 
makes the following representations, declarations and warranties to the 
Company, with the intent and understanding that the Company will rely 
thereon:

3.1

The Subscriber has all requisite power and authority to enter into this 
Agreement, and to carry out the provisions hereof.

3.2

The Subscriber represents that the Subscriber satisfies the definition of 
accredited investor as set forth in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D 
(Regulation D) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) (a copy of such definition is set forth in Appendix A 
attached hereto). As specifically disclosed by the undersigned Subscriber 
in the Confidential Purchaser Questionnaire executed and delivered to the 
Company herewith and incorporated herein by this reference.

3.3

The Subscriber understands that (i) the Common Stock, the Warrants, and the 
shares of Common Stock of the Company underlying the Warrants 
(collectively, the Securities) have not been registered under the 
Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, (ii) Subscriber 
cannot sell any Securities unless they are registered under the Securities 
Act and any applicable state or foreign securities laws or unless 
exemptions from such registration requirements are available, (iii) a 
legend will be placed on the certificates evidencing the Securities, 
stating that the Securities have not been registered under the Securities 
Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability 
and sales thereof, (iv) the Company will place stop transfer instructions 
against the Securities, and (v) the Company has no obligation to register 
the Securities or assist the Subscriber in obtaining an exemption from the 
various registration requirements.

3.4

The Subscriber (i) is acquiring the Securities solely for the Subscriber's 
own account for investment purposes only and not with a view toward resale 
or distribution, either in whole or in part; (ii) has no contract, 
undertaking, agreement or other arrangement, in existence or contemplated, 
to sell, pledge, assign or otherwise transfer the Securities, to any other 
person; and (iii) agrees not to sell, assign, encumber or transfer all or 
any part of the Securities (except a transfer upon his death, incapacity or 
bankruptcy or a transfer without consideration to his spouse and/or 
children and/or a trust for the benefit of such family members) until such 
securities are subsequently registered under the Securities Act and any 
applicable state securities laws or unless an exemption from any such 
registration is available as evidenced by an opinion of counsel acceptable 
to the Company to the effect that such transfer or assignment (i) may be 
effected without registration of the Securities under the Securities Act; 
and (ii) does not violate any applicable Federal or state securities laws.

3.5

The Subscriber represents that the Company has made available to Subscriber 
all information which Subscriber deemed material to making an informed 
investment decision in connection with his purchase of the Securities. The 
Subscriber acknowledges that the Subscriber has received and carefully read 
in their entirety (i) this Subscription Agreement, and all information 
necessary to verify the accuracy and completeness of the Company's 
representations, warranties and covenants made herein; (ii) the 
Confidential Investor Term Sheet; (iii) the form of Class F Common Stock 
Purchase Warrant Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B; (iv) the form of 
Class G Common Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 
C; (v) the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 
31, 2006, the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended 
March


2


31, 2007, and the Companys Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on April 13, 2007, July 12, 
2007, and July 24, 2007, as amended; and (vi) written (or verbal) answers 
to all questions the Subscriber submitted to the Company regarding an 
investment in the Company; and the Subscriber has relied on the information 
contained therein and has not been furnished with any other documents, 
offering literature, memorandum or prospectus.  The Subscriber acknowledges 
that the Company has made available to the Subscriber the opportunity to 
ask questions of, and receive answers from the Company, its officers, 
directors and other persons acting on its behalf, including Mr. William J. 
Donovan, President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, 516 Herndon 
Parkway, Herndon, Virginia 20170, concerning the terms and conditions of 
the Subscribers purchase and to obtain any additional information, to the 
extent the Company possesses such information or can acquire it without 
unreasonable effort or expense, necessary to verify the accuracy of the 
information disclosed to the Subscriber.  The Subscriber represents that no 
statement, printed material or inducement was given or made by the Company 
or anyone on its behalf which is contrary to the information disclosed to 
the Subscriber.

3.6

The Subscriber is in a position regarding the Company, which, based upon 
employment, family relationship or economic bargaining power, enabled and 
enables the Subscriber to obtain information from the Company in order to 
evaluate the merits and risks of this investment.

3.7

The Subscriber understands that an investment in the Securities involves 
substantial risks and Subscriber recognizes and understands the risks 
relating to the purchase of the Securities, including those risks disclosed 
by the Company under Part I, Item 1A of the Companys Form 10-K for the 
year ended December 31, 2006, and under Part II, Item 1A  of the Companys 
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2007.

3.8

The Subscriber has such knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters that the Subscriber is capable of evaluating the merits and risks 
of an investment in the Company.

3.9

The Subscriber understands that (i) the offering contemplated hereby has 
not been reviewed by any Federal, state or other governmental body or 
agency; (ii) if required by the laws or regulations of said state(s) or 
other jurisdiction the offering contemplated hereby will be submitted to 
the appropriate authorities of such state(s) or other jurisdiction for 
registration or exemption therefrom; and (iii) subscription documents used 
in connection with this offering have not been reviewed or approved by any 
regulatory agency or government department, nor has any such agency or 
government department made any finding or determination as to the fairness 
of the Securities for investment.

3.10

The Subscriber is aware that the Securities have not been registered under 
the Act. While the Companys Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin 
Board, the market for its shares of Common Stock is limited and/or 
illiquid. Subscriber understands that there is no market for the Companys 
Class F and Class G Warrants and none is expected to develop.  The 
Subscriber has adequate means of providing for the Subscriber's current 
needs and personal and family contingencies, has no need for liquidity in 
the investment contemplated hereby, and is able to bear the risk of loss of 
his entire investment.

3.11

The Subscriber (a) is a citizen or resident of the state of residence shown 
on the Agreements Subscriber Signature Page; (ii) if a natural person, is 
at least 21 years of age; (iii) has adequate means of providing for his or 
its current needs and personal contingencies; (iv) has no need for 
liquidity in his or its investment in the Securities; and (v) maintains his 
or its domicile (and is not a transient or temporary resident) at the 
address shown below.



3


3.12

All information that the Subscriber has provided the Company concerning the 
Subscriber, the Subscriber's financial position and the Subscriber's 
knowledge of financial and business matters is correct and complete as of 
the date hereof.  The Subscriber agrees that financial and other 
information concerning the Subscriber may be disclosed by the Company to 
any persons or entities that may enter into a transaction with the Company. 
 The Subscriber further agrees, if requested by the Company or its 
authorized representative, to provide bank references or other confirming 
information concerning the Subscriber's financial information as may be 
reasonably requested by the Company.

3.13

The Subscriber is familiar with the nature and extent of the risks inherent 
in investments in unregistered securities and in the business in which the 
Company is engaged and intends to engage and recognizes and understands all 
of the risks relating to the purchase of the securities and has determined 
that an investment in the Company is consistent with the Subscriber's 
investment objectives and income prospects.

3.14

The Subscriber understands that the total amount of funds tendered to 
purchase the Securities are unsecured and are placed at the risk of the 
business and may be completely lost.  Subscriber has read the Companys 
filings with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
including, but not limited to, the description of the risk factors 
applicable to the Company and its businesses set forth therein.

3.15

The Subscribers overall commitment to investments including the 
Subscribers investment in the Company that are not readily marketable is 
not disproportionate to the Subscribers net worth, and the Subscribers 
investment in the securities described herein will not cause such overall 
commitment to become excessive. The Subscriber understands that the 
statutory basis on which such Securities are being offered, sold and/or 
issued to the Subscriber would not be available if the Subscribers present 
intention were to hold such securities for a fixed period of time or until 
the occurrence of a certain event. The Subscriber realizes that, in the 
view of the SEC, a purchase of such securities now, with a present 
intention to resell by reason of a foreseeable specific contingency or any 
anticipated change in the market value of such securities, or in the 
condition of the Company or that of the industry in which the business of 
the Company is engaged or in connection with a contemplated liquidation, or 
settlement of any loan obtained by the Subscriber for the acquisition of 
such securities, and for which such securities may be pledged as a security 
or as donations to religious or charitable institutions for the purpose of 
securing a deduction on an income tax return, would, in fact, constitute a 
purchase with an intention inconsistent with the Subscribers 
representations to the Company and the SEC would then regard such purchase 
as a purchase for which the exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act relied upon by the Company in connection herewith is not 
available.

3.16

The Subscriber acknowledges that the Company has the unconditional right to 
accept or reject this subscription, in whole or in part.  The Company will 
notify the Subscriber whether this subscription is accepted or rejected.  
If such subscription is rejected, payment will be returned to the 
Subscriber.

3.17

If the Subscriber is a corporation, trust, partnership or other entity that 
is not an individual person, it has been formed and validly exists and has 
not been organized for the specific purpose of purchasing the Securities 
and is not prohibited from doing so.

3.18

If the Subscriber is purchasing the Securities in a fiduciary capacity for 
another person or entity, including without limitation a corporation, 
partnership, trust or any other entity, the Subscriber has been duly 
authorized and empowered to execute this Subscription Agreement and all 
other subscription documents, and such other person or entity fulfills all 
the requirements for purchase of the Securities as such requirements are 
set forth herein, concurs in the purchase of the Securities and agrees to 
be bound by


4


the obligations, representations, warranties and covenants contained 
herein. Upon request of the Company, the Subscriber will provide true, 
complete and current copies of all relevant documents creating the 
Subscriber, authorizing its investment in the Company and/or evidencing the 
satisfaction of the foregoing.

3.19

The Subscriber recognizes that the Company may seek to raise additional 
financing and working capital through a variety of sources, and that 
although the Company may undertake one or more public or private offerings 
of its shares of Common Stock, debt or equity securities, there can be no 
assurance that any such offering will be made or, if made, that it will be 
successful.  Moreover, the Company reserves the right to make future 
offers, either public or private, of securities including shares of Common 
Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock at prices that may be 
more than or less than the price per share Subscriber is paying for the 
shares of Common Stock included in the Units or upon exercise of the 
Warrants.

3.20

The Subscriber agrees to maintain in confidence all information furnished 
to Subscriber by the Company regarding the Company.

4.

Indemnification.  The Subscriber hereby agrees to indemnify and hold 
harmless the Company and the Company's officers, directors, employees, 
attorneys, agents and affiliates from and against any and all damages, 
losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, 
reasonable attorneys' fees) which they, or any of them, may incur by reason 
of the Subscriber's failure to fulfill any of the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement or by reason of the Subscriber's breach of any of his 
representations and warranties contained herein.  This Agreement and the 
representations and warranties contained herein shall be binding upon the 
Subscriber's heirs, executors, administrators, representatives, successors 
and assigns.  THE COMPANY AND THE SUBSCRIBER HAVE BEEN ADVISED THAT THE 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE COMPANY, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, 
ATTORNEYS, AGENTS AND AFFILIATES IS DEEMED TO BE VOID AS AGAINST PUBLIC 
POLICY AND THEREBY UNENFORCEABLE IN SOME STATES.

5.

Arbitration Agreement.

5.1

The Subscriber represents, warrants and covenants that any controversy or 
claim brought directly, derivatively or in a representative capacity by him 
in his capacity as a present or former securityholder, whether against the 
Company, in the name of the Company or otherwise, arising out of or 
relating to any acts or omissions of the Company, or any securityholder or 
any of their officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents or 
affiliates, including without limitation any controversy or claim relating 
to a purchase or sale of the Securities, shall be settled by arbitration 
under the Federal Arbitration Act in accordance with the commercial 
arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") and 
judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any 
court having jurisdiction thereof.  Any controversy or claim brought by the 
Company against the Subscriber, whether in his capacity as present or 
former securityholder of the Company or against any of the Subscriber's 
officers, directors, agents, affiliates, associates, employees or 
controlling persons, shall also be settled by arbitration under the Federal 
Arbitration Act in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the 
AAA and judgment rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court 
having jurisdiction thereof.  In arbitration proceedings under this Section 
5, the parties shall be entitled to any and all remedies that would be 
available in the absence of this Section 5 and the arbitrators, in 
rendering their decision, shall follow the substantive laws that would 
otherwise be applicable.  This Section 5 shall apply, without limitation, 
to actions arising in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities 
contemplated by this Agreement under any Federal or state securities laws.



5


5.2

The arbitration of any dispute pursuant to this Section 5 shall be held in 
Washington, D.C.

5.3

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to preserve the status quo pending 
the resolution by arbitration of a claim seeking relief of an injunctive or 
equitable nature, any party, upon submitting a matter to arbitration as 
required by this Section 5, may simultaneously or thereafter seek a 
temporary restraining order or preliminary injunction from a court of 
competent jurisdiction pending the outcome of the arbitration.

5.4

This Section 5 is intended to benefit the security holders, officers, 
directors, employees, attorneys, agents and affiliates of the Company, each 
of whom shall be deemed to be a third party beneficiary of this Section 5, 
and each of whom may enforce this Section 5 to the full extent that the 
Company could do so if a controversy or claim were brought against it.

5.5

The Subscriber acknowledges that this Section 5 limits a number of the 
Subscriber's rights, including without limitation (i) the right to have 
claims resolved in a court of law and before a jury; (ii) certain discovery 
rights; and (iii) the right to appeal any decision.

5.6

Please note that: (i) arbitration is final and binding on the parties;  
(ii) the parties are waiving their rights to seek remedies in court, 
including the right to jury trial; (iii) pre-arbitration discovery is 
generally more limited than and different from court proceedings;  (iv) the 
arbitrators award is not required to include factual findings or legal 
reasoning and any partys right to appeal or seek modification of rulings 
by the arbitrators is strictly limited;  (v) the panel of arbitrators will 
typically include a minority of arbitrators who were or are affiliated with 
the securities industry; (vi) no person shall bring a putative or certified 
class action to arbitration, nor seek to enforce any pre-dispute 
arbitration agreement against any person who has initiated in court a 
putative class action, or who is a member of a putative class who has not 
opted out of the class with respect to any claims encompassed by the 
putative class action until: (a) the class certification is denied; or (b) 
the class is decertified; or (c) the person is excluded from the class by 
the court.  Such forbearance to enforce an agreement to arbitrate shall not 
constitute a waiver of any rights under this Agreement except to the extent 
stated herein. 

6.

Governing Law.  The validity and construction of this Agreement and all 
matters pertaining hereto are to be determined in accordance with the laws 
of the Commonwealth of Virginia without reference to the conflicts of laws 
of that state.

7.

Execution in Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts.

8.

Persons Bound.  This Agreement shall, except as otherwise provided herein, 
inure to the benefit of and be binding on the Company and its successors 
and assigns and on the Subscriber and his respective heirs, executors, 
administrators, successors and assigns.

9.

Notices.  Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be 
given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be 
deemed to have been delivered (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; 
(ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile, provided a copy is mailed by 
U.S. certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested; (iii) 
three (3) days after being sent by U.S. certified mail, postage prepaid and 
return receipt requested; or (iv) one (1) day after deposit with a 
nationally recognized overnight delivery service, postage prepaid, in each 
case properly addressed to the party to receive the same.  The addresses 
and facsimile numbers for such communications shall be: if to the 
Subscriber, to the address and facsimile number set forth on the Signature 
Page hereof; if to the


6


Company, 516 Herndon Parkway, Suite A, Herndon, Virginia 20170, attention: 
Chief Executive Officer, facsimile number (703) 464-8530.

10.

Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, when accepted by the Company, and the 
Securities issued pursuant hereto will constitute the entire agreement 
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede 
all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, inducements or 
conditions, express or implied, oral or written, except as herein 
contained.  This Agreement may not be modified, changed, waived or 
terminated other than by a writing executed by all the parties hereto.  No 
course of conduct or dealing shall be construed to modify, amend or 
otherwise affect any of the provisions hereof.

11.

Headings.  The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference 
only and are not part of this Agreement.

12.

Assignability.  The Subscriber acknowledges that Subscriber may not assign 
any of Subscribers rights to or interest in or under this Agreement 
without the prior written consent of the Company, and any attempted 
assignment without such consent shall be void and without effect.

13.

Interpretation.  When the context in which words are used in this Agreement 
indicates that such is the intent, singular words shall include the plural, 
and vice versa, and masculine words shall include the feminine and neuter 
genders, and vice versa.

14.

CERTIFICATION.  THE SUBSCRIBER CERTIFIES THAT THE SUBSCRIBER HAS READ THIS 
ENTIRE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND THAT EVERY STATEMENT MADE BY THE 
SUBSCRIBER HEREIN IS TRUE AND COMPLETE.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.]


7


SUBSCRIBER SIGNATURE PAGE


The undersigned, desiring to subscribe for the Units of Guardian 
Technologies International, Inc. (the "Company"), as set forth below, 
acknowledges that the undersigned has received and understands the terms 
and conditions of the Subscription Agreement attached hereto and that the 
undersigned does hereby agree to all the terms and conditions contained 
therein.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereby executed this Subscription 
Agreement as of the date set forth below.  

(PLEASE PRINT OR TYPE)

Number of Units:

                     

Total Amount of Subscription:

$

Exact name(s) of Subscriber(s):

____________________________________________________

          
Signature of Subscriber(s)*:

____________________________________________________

State of Residence:

____________________________________________________

*If Subscriber is an association, corporation, partnership or trust enter 
the name and title of the person authorized to bind the Subscriber:   
____________________________________________________

PLEASE ATTACH CERTIFIED COPY OF AUTHORIZING DOCUMENTS.

In addition, if the Subscriber is a corporation and has a corporate seal, 
the corporate seal should be affixed:

[SEAL]


Date: 
________________________________________________________________________________
Residence or Mailing Address:

__________________________________________________________
Telephone Numbers (include Area Code)

Business:  (___) ___-____

Home:  (___) ___-___
Facsimile Number (include Area Code)

(___) ___-____
Social Security or Taxpayer
Identification Number(s): 
________________________________________________________________
Mailing Address for Correspondence
from the Company: 
____________________________________________________________________










8


The foregoing subscription is accepted by Guardian Technologies 
International, Inc., to the extent of $__________ this _____ day of 
____________, 2007.


              GUARDIAN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL, INC.


                  By:

                  _____________________________________
              Name:

              _____________________________________
              Title:

              _____________________________________




28501017.133


9


Appendix A

  INVESTOR SUITABILITY STANDARDS

A purchase of the Units pursuant to the Subscription Agreement involves a 
high degree of risk and is suitable only for persons of substantial 
financial means who have no need for liquidity in their investments.  The 
offer, offer for sale, and sale of the Units is intended to be exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act), pursuant to Regulation D promulgated thereunder 
(Regulation D) or another exemption thereunder and is intended to be 
exempt from the registration requirements of applicable state securities 
laws.  

Rule 501(a) of Regulation D defines an accredited investor as any person 
who comes within any of the following categories, or who the issuer 
reasonably believes comes within any of the following categories, at the 
time of the sale of the securities to that person:  

(1)

Any bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or any 
savings and loan association or other institution as defined in Section 
3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act whether acting in its individual or 
fiduciary capacity; any broker or dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; any insurance company as defined in 
Section 2(a)(13) of the Securities Act; any investment company registered 
under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a business development company 
as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of that Act; any Small Business Investment 
Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration under Section 
301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958; any plan 
established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any 
agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for the 
benefit of its employees, if such plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000; any employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made 
by a plan fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is 
either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company, or 
registered investment adviser, or if the employee benefit plan has total 
assets in excess of $5,000,000, or, if a self-directed plan, with 
investment decisions made solely by persons that are accredited investors;

(2)

Any private business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) 
of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940;

(3)

Any organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue 
Code, corporation, Massachusetts or similar business trust, or partnership, 
not formed for the specific purpose or acquiring the securities offered, 
with total assets in excess of $5,000,000;

(4)

Any director, executive officer or general partner of the issuer of the 
securities being offered or sold, or any director, executive officer or 
general partner of a general partner of that issuer;

(5)

Any natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that 
persons spouse, at the time of his purchase exceeds $1,000,000;

(6)

Any natural person who had an individual income in excess of $200,000 in 
each of the two most recent years or joint income with that persons spouse 
in excess of $300,000 in each of those years and has a reasonable 
expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year;

(7)

Any trust with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the 
specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, whose purchase is 
directed by a sophisticated person as described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii); or

(8)

Any entity in which all of the equity owners are accredited investors.



10


EXHIBIT A



CONFIDENTIAL INVESTMENT TERM SHEET













11



GUARDIAN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL, INC.


The securities described in this Confidential Investment Term Sheet have 
not been the subject of registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act), or any state securities laws, nor has the 
offer and/or sale of such securities been reviewed, approved or disapproved 
by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC).  Neither the SEC nor 
any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these 
securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the information set 
forth herein.  Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.   
This Confidential Investment Term Sheet does not constitute an offer to 
sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein 
in any jurisdiction where, or to any person to whom, it is unlawful to make 
such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The securities described 
herein are being offered and made available only to investors who qualify 
as "accredited investors" as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D 
promulgated under the Securities Act.  The securities described herein are 
being offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws relating to 
transactions not involving a public offering or solicitation.  Such 
exemptions limit the number and types of investors to whom the offering is 
made and restrict subsequent transfer of the securities described herein.


Confidential Investment Term Sheet


July 27, 2007


General Terms

1.    Issuer:

Guardian Technologies International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company)

2.    Trading Symbol:

OTCBB: GDTI


3.    Amount of Financing:

Up to US$4,000,000 (the Financing)

4.    Investors:

Investors in the Financing will be exclusively accredited investors 
within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), including certain institutional 
investors (the Investors or Holders).  The offering will be made 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements under the 
Securities Act set forth in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 
of Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

5.    Use of Proceeds:

General corporate purposes including growth and capital initiatives




12





6.    Price:

$100,000 per Unit (as such term is hereinafter defined).  Subject to the 
minimum investment amount, Investors may purchase partial Units.

7.    Minimum Investment:

$100,000

8.    Type of Security:

Units of securities (Units), each Unit consisting of (a) 125,000 shares 
of the Companys common stock, $.001 par value per share (Common Stock), 
equal to a purchase price per share of $0.80, (b) 125,000 Class F Common 
Stock Purchase Warrants (the Class F Warrants), and (c) 125,000 Class G 
Common Stock Purchase Warrants (the Class G Warrants) (the Class F and 
Class G Warrants, the Warrants; the Units, and the Common Stock, Class F 
Warrants and Class G Warrants included in the Units, the Securities).  
Each Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Common 
Stock.  The Securities will be restricted securities within the meaning 
of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and may not be reoffered or resold 
without registration under the Securities Act or an exemption from such 
registration requirements.  The certificates representing the Securities 
shall bear a legend reflecting such restrictions.

9.    Anticipated Closing Date:

The Company will hold one or more closings related to the Financing on or 
before the later of (i) August 3, 2007 or (ii) ten (10) trading days 
following the Companys delivery of a notice regarding the Financing 
(Debenture Holder Notice) to certain holders of the Companys outstanding 
Series A 10% Senior Convertible Debentures, or such later date as the 
Company shall determine or as required under the terms of the Companys 
agreements with the holders of such debentures (each, a Closing, 
collectively, the Closings, the date of a Closing, the Closing Date).  
The Company reserves the right to reject subscriptions for the Units for 
any reason or for no reason.

10.   Warrants:

 
  	
(a)    Amount of Warrants:

 
  	
Class F Warrants:

125,000 Class F Warrants included in each Unit

  	
Class G Warrants:

125,000  Class G Warrants included in each Unit



13





  	
(b)    Exercise Prices:

 
  	
Class F Warrants:

$0.80 per share

  	
Class G Warrants:

$1.75 per share

  	
(c)    Term:

The Class F Warrants and Class G Warrants may be exercised in whole or in 
part at any time or from time to time after the issue date until the 
expiration date.

  	
Class F Warrants:

At any time during the 36 month period following the issue date

  	
Class G Warrants:

At any time during the 60 month period following the issue date

  	
(d)    Redemption:


  	
Class F Warrants:

Not redeemable.

  	
Class G Warrants:

Immediately following the date of issuance, the Class G Warrants shall be 
redeemable by the Company at a price of $.001 per Warrant if for ten (10) 
consecutive trading days the closing bid or sale price (Closing Sale 
Price) of the Companys Common Stock on the trading market for the Common 
Stock equals or exceeds $5.00.  The Company shall provide 15 days prior 
written notice of the date fixed for redemption.  The Holders right to 
exercise the Class G Warrant shall terminate on the business day 
immediately preceding the redemption date set by the Company.

  	
(e)  Anti-Dilution Provisions:

The Warrants will contain customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions in 
the event of stock splits, stock dividends, capital reorganizations and the 
like.

(f)    Cashless Exercise:

The Class F Warrants shall contain a cashless exercise provision commencing 
on the date of issuance of such warrants.

11.    Trading Restrictions:

Investors and their affiliates will not trade in the Companys Common Stock 
until the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
(SEC) a Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the Closings of the 
Financing.

  	 



14





12.    Governing Law:

Commonwealth of Virginia

13.    Arbitration:

Disputes will be submitted to binding arbitration under the commercial 
arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association in Washington, 
D.C.

14.    Confidentiality:

The existence and terms set forth in this Confidential Investment Term 
Sheet are confidential and shall not be disclosed to any third party who is 
not a prospective purchaser of the Securities contemplated herein or an 
officer, director, agent, adviser or legal counsel to such prospective 
investor, unless required by law.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a copy of 
this Confidential Investment Term Sheet may be furnished to investors in 
the Companys Series A 10% Senior Convertible Debentures pursuant to 
provisions of the Companys agreements with such investors and such 
investors may  elect to participate in the Financing in part or in whole 
following delivery of the Debenture Holder Notice.

15.    Definitive Agreements:

This Confidential Investment Term Sheet summarizes the principal terms with 
respect to a potential investment in the Company by an Investor.  This 
Confidential Investment Term Sheet is not intended to be and does not 
constitute a legally binding obligation.  The investment will be made 
subject to the execution and delivery of definitive agreements, which 
agreements shall include, among other things, representations of the 
Company and the Investor, covenants of the Company reflecting the 
provisions set forth herein, and other customary provisions.

16.    SEC Filings:

In connection with an investment, Investors should carefully review the 
Companys filings with the SEC, including the Companys Annual Report on 
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, the Companys Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2007, and Current 
Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 1, 2007, April 13, 2007, 
July 12, 2007, and July 24, 2007.  The Companys SEC filings may be viewed 
without charge on the Internet via the SECs Edgar database.  The Internet 
address for the SECs Edgar database is as follows:
http://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html.

  	 



15





17.    Risk Factors:

Investment in the Companys securities involves certain risks including 
those risks disclosed under Part I, Item 1A of the Companys Annual Report 
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, and Part II, Item 1A of 
the Companys Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 
2007. Copies of such reports and other filings with the SEC may be obtained 
from the Company on request.



[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.]


16


Notice of Intent to Invest

The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________________ Units of the 
Company for an aggregate subscription amount of $______________ pursuant to 
the terms of this Confidential Investment Term Sheet.  This Confidential 
Investment Term Sheet is not intended to be and does not constitute a 
legally binding obligation.  The undersigned understands that, upon receipt 
of this executed Confidential Investment Term Sheet by the Company, 
Investor will be furnished additional documentation for completion and 
submission to the Company prior to the Closing and issuance of the Units.

Name of Investor: ______________________________


Signature: ___________________________

 Dated: __________________________________


Please fax this signature page and each initialed page of this Confidential 
Investment Term Sheet to the Company at (703) 464-8530, Attention: Gregory 
E. Hare, CFO.



















17


EXHIBIT B



FORM OF CLASS F COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT















18


 
















19


EXHIBIT C



FORM OF CLASS G COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT














20


