 EX-10.5 23 v093602_ex10-5.htm
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, NONCOMPETITION
AND INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT
 
In consideration of my being employed by HydroGen, L.L.C., any of its 
affiliates, or any of their respective successors or assigns (collectively, 
the "Company"), I agree to the following, intending to be legally bound:
 
1.  At-Will Employment. I understand and acknowledge that my employment 
with the Company is for an unspecified duration and constitutes "at-will" 
employment. My employment may be terminated at any time by either me or the 
Company, for any or no reason, with or without cause or notice.
 
2.  Best Efforts. While employed by the Company, I shall devote my best 
efforts, and all of my working time and attention to the interests of the 
Company, shall faithfully perform all duties from time to time assigned to 
me and shall conform to all of the Companyâ€™s requirements for proper 
business conduct.
 
3.  Confidential Information.
 
(a)  Company Information. I agree at all times during the term of my 
employment and thereafter, to hold in strictest confidence, and not to use, 
except for the benefit of the Company, any Confidential Information of the 
Company. I understand that "Confidential Information" means any Company 
proprietary or confidential information, technical data, trade secrets or 
know-how, including, but not limited to, research, product plans, products, 
services, customer lists and customers (including, but not limited to, 
customers of the Company on whom I call or with whom I become acquainted 
during the term of my employment), customer contacts, customer purchasing 
practices, markets, software, developments, inventions, processes, 
formulas, technology, designs, drawings, engineering, marketing, 
distribution and sales methods and systems, sales and profit figures, 
finances, personnel information including but not limited to regarding 
compensation, skills and duties, and other business information that I 
learn of, obtain, or that is disclosed to me during the course of my 
employment, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally or by 
drawings or inspection of documents or other tangible property. However, 
Confidential Information does not include any of the foregoing items which 
has been made generally available to the public and become publicly known 
through no wrongful act of mine.
 
(b)  Former Employer Information. I agree that I will not, during my 
employment with the Company, improperly use or disclose any proprietary 
information or trade secrets of any former or concurrent employer or other 
person or entity, if any, with whom I have an agreement or duty to keep 
such information or secrets confidential, if any, and that I will not bring 
onto the premises of the Company any unpublished document or proprietary 
information belonging to any such employer, person or entity unless 
consented to in writing by such employer, person or entity.
 
(c)  Third Party Information. I recognize that the Company has received and 
in the future will receive from third parties (including customers of the 
Company) their confidential or proprietary information subject to a duty on 
the Company's part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and 
to use it only for certain limited purposes. I agree to hold all such 
confidential or proprietary information in the strictest confidence and not 
to disclose it to any person or entity or to use it except as necessary in 
carrying out my work for the Company, consistent with the Company's 
agreement with such third party.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4.  Inventions.
 
(a)  Inventions Retained and Licensed. I have attached hereto, as 
Attachment "A", a list describing all inventions, original works of 
authorship, developments, improvements, and trade secrets which were made 
by me prior to my employment with the Company (collectively referred to as 
"Prior Inventions"), which belong to me, which relate to the Company's 
proposed business, products or research and development, and which are not 
assigned to the Company hereunder; or, if no such list is attached, I 
represent that there are no such Prior Inventions. If in the course of my 
employment with the Company, I incorporate into a Company product, process 
or machine a Prior Invention owned by me or in which I have an interest, 
the Company is hereby granted and shall have a nonexclusive, royalty-free, 
irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license to make, have made, modify, use 
and sell such Prior Invention as part of or in connection with such 
product, process or machine.
 
(b)  Assignment of Inventions. I agree that I will promptly make full 
written disclosure to the Company, will hold in trust for the sole right 
and benefit of the Company, and hereby assign to the Company, or its 
designee, all my right, title, and interest in and to any and all 
inventions, original works of authorship, developments, concepts, 
improvements or trade secrets, whether or not patentable or registrable 
under copyright or similar laws, which I may solely or jointly conceive or 
develop or reduce to practice, or cause to be conceived or developed or 
reduced to practice, from the date my employment with the Company commenced 
until my cessation of employment with the Company (collectively referred to 
as "Inventions"), including any and all intellectual property rights 
inherent in the Inventions and appurtenant thereto including, without 
limitation, all patent rights, copyrights, trademarks, know-how and trade 
secrets (collectively referred to as "Intellectual Property Rights"). I 
further acknowledge that all original works of authorship which are made by 
me (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of my employment and 
which are protectable by copyright are "works made for hire," as that term 
is defined in the United States Copyright Act.
 
(c)  Maintenance of Records. I agree to keep and maintain adequate and 
current records of all Inventions made by me (solely or jointly with 
others) during the term of my employment with the Company. The records will 
be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, and any other format that may 
be specified by the Company. The records will be available to and remain 
the sole property of the Company at all times.
 
(d)  Patent and Copyright Registrations. I agree to assist the Company, or 
its designee, at the Company's expense, in every proper way to secure the 
Company's rights in the Inventions and any Intellectual Property Rights 
related thereto in any and all countries, including the disclosure to the 
Company of all pertinent information and data with respect thereto, the 
execution of all applications, specifications, oaths, assignments and all 
other instruments which the Company shall deem necessary in order to apply 
for and obtain such rights and in order to assign and convey to the Company 
the sole and exclusive right, title and interest in and to such Inventions 
and any Intellectual Property Rights relating thereto. I further agree that 
my obligation to execute or cause to be executed, when it is in my power to 
do so, any such instrument or papers shall continue after the termination 
of this Agreement. If the Company is unable because of my mental or 
physical incapacity or for any other reason to secure my signature to apply 
for or to pursue any application for any United States or foreign 
Intellectual Property Right covering Inventions assigned to the Company as 
above, then I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint Company and its duly 
authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney in fact, to act for 
and in my behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to 
do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and 
issuance of letters patent, or copyright, trademark or other registrations 
thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me.
 
- 2 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
5.  Noncompetition, Nonsolicitation, Etc.
 
(a)  During my employment with the Company and for the periods set forth 
below after the termination of my employment with Corporation for any 
reason whatsoever, I shall not, directly or indirectly:
 
(i)  a period of eighteen (18) months after such termination, on my own 
behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, solicit, encourage, 
recruit or attempt to persuade any person to terminate such person's 
employment with the Company, whether or not such person is a full-time 
employee or whether or not such employment is pursuant to a written 
agreement or is at-will.
 
(ii)  for a period of one (1) year after such termination, employ or 
establish a business relationship with, or encourage or assist any person 
or entity to employ or establish a business relationship with, any 
individual who was employed by the Company during the preceding twelve 
month period in the design, development, invention, implementation, 
application, manufacture, production, marketing, sale or license of medium 
and high temperature fuel cell power plants for applications greater than 
1MW.
 
(iii)  for a period of one (1) year after such termination, direct or do 
any act or thing which may interfere with or adversely affect the 
relationship (contractual or otherwise) of the Company with any person or 
entity that is a Customer, Prospective Customer, vendor or contractor of 
the Company, or otherwise induce or attempt to induce any such person or 
entity to cease doing business, reduce or otherwise limit its business with 
the Company.
 
(iv)  for a period of one (1) year from such termination, solicit business 
from any Customer or Prospective Customer, or do business with any Customer 
of the Company in the design, development, invention, implementation, 
application, manufacture, production, marketing, sale or license of medium 
and high temperature fuel cell power plants for applications greater than 
1MW.
 
(v)  for a period of one (1) year after such termination, directly or 
indirectly, engage in or be associated with (as a principal, agent, 
consultant, partner, director, officer, employee, stockholder, investor or 
otherwise) any person or entity that directly or indirectly, engages in or 
plans to engage in, the design, development, invention, implementation, 
application, manufacture, production, marketing, sale or license of medium 
and high temperature fuel cell power plants for applications greater than 
1MW. I am prohibited from engaging in or being associated with (as 
described above) any person or entity that engages in or plans to engage in 
the activities described in this subsection (v) in any state in the 
continental United States, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany, 
France, Belgium, Switzerland, Austria and Italy, as well as in any other 
state or foreign country in which the Company does business or is planning 
to do business.
 
- 3 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b)  For purposes of subparagraph (a) above, (i) "Customer" shall mean 
those persons or entities for whom or which the Company performed services 
or to whom or which the Company sold or licensed its products, during the 
twelve months preceding the cessation of my employment, and (ii) 
"Prospective Customer" shall mean persons or entities whose business was 
solicited by the Company during the twelve months preceding the cessation 
of my employment.
 
(c)  I acknowledge and agree that (i) the Company does business and/or 
plans to conduct business throughout the continental Unites States and in 
Western Europe, (ii) the Confidential Information that I learn of, obtain, 
or that is disclosed to me during the course of my employment, is capable 
of being used anywhere in the world to compete against the Company in the 
markets in which it does business and/or plans to conduct business; (iii) 
the covenants set forth in Sections 3, 4, 5 and 6 of this Agreement are 
reasonable and necessary in order to protect the legitimate interests of 
the Company and I am receiving adequate consideration hereunder; (iv) the 
Company will not have any adequate remedy at law if I violate the terms 
hereof or fails to perform any of my obligations under Sections 3, 4, 5 and 
6 of this Agreement; and (v) the Company shall have the right, in addition 
to any other rights either may have under applicable law, to obtain from 
any court of competent jurisdiction preliminary and permanent injunctive 
relief to restrain any breach or threatened breach of, or otherwise to 
specifically enforce any such covenant or any other obligations of Employee 
under this Sections 3, 4, 5 and 6 of this Agreement, as well as to obtain 
damages and an equitable accounting of all earnings, profits and other 
benefits arising from such violation, which rights shall be cumulative and 
in addition to any other rights or remedies to which the Company may be 
entitled.
 
(d)  If the period of time or scope of any restriction set forth in this 
Agreement should be adjudged unreasonable in any proceeding, then the 
period of time shall be reduced by such number of months or the scope of 
the restriction shall be modified, or both, by a court of competent 
jurisdiction so that such restrictions may be enforceable for such time and 
in the manner to the fullest extent adjudged to be reasonable. If I violate 
any of the restrictions contained in subparagraph (a) above, then the 
restrictive period shall not run in my favor from the time of the 
commencement of any such violation until such time as such violation shall 
be cured by me.
 
6.  Returning Company Documents and Property. I agree that, at the time of 
leaving the employ of the Company, or earlier upon request, I will deliver 
to the Company (and will not keep in my possession or deliver to anyone 
else) any and all records, data, notes, reports, information, proposals, 
lists, correspondence, emails, specifications, drawings, blueprints, 
sketches, materials, other documents, or reproductions or copies (including 
but not limited to on computer discs or drives) of any aforementioned items 
either developed by me pursuant to my employment with the Company or 
otherwise relating to the business of the Company, retaining neither copies 
nor excerpts thereof. I also agree that, at the time of leaving the employ 
of the Company, or earlier upon request, I will deliver to the Company all 
Company property in my possession, including cell phones, computers, 
computer discs, drives and other equipment or devices and that if I fail to 
do so the Company may withhold from my compensation the replacement cost of 
Company property I have not returned. I agree to sign and deliver to the 
Company the Company's form of "Termination Certification" certifying my 
compliance with this Section 5.
 
- 4 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
7.  Arbitration and Equitable Relief.
 
(a)  Arbitration. In order to obtain the many benefits of arbitration over 
court proceedings, including speed of resolution, lower costs and fees and 
more flexible rules of evidence, I agree that all disputes (except those 
relating to unemployment compensation or workers compensation, and except 
as provided in paragraph 7(b) below) arising out of my employment or 
concerning the interpretation or application of this Agreement or its 
subject matter (including without limitation those relating to workplace 
discrimination and/or harassment on any basis, whatsoever, including but 
not limited to age, race, sex, religion, national origin, disability or 
perceived disability, as well as any claimed violation of any federal, 
state or local law, regulation or ordinance, such as Title VII of the Civil 
Rights Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with 
Disabilities Act and their state and local counterparts, if any, including 
but not limited to any claims of retaliation thereunder) shall be resolved 
exclusively by binding arbitration at a location in reasonable proximity to 
my last place of employment with the Company, pursuant to the National 
Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration 
Association. The parties expressly waive their rights to have any such 
claim resolved by jury trial. The Company shall bear the cost of the 
Arbitrator's fee. The Company shall initially bear its filing fees, as well 
as my filing fees in excess of $75.00 upon my written request to the 
Company's President. The decision, in the Arbitrator's discretion, may 
award all or some of my or the Company's attorneys fees and costs, 
including filing fees, in addition to any such awards required by law. 
Arbitration must be demanded within three hundred (300) days of the time 
when the demanding party knows or should know of the events giving rise to 
the claim. The decision of the Arbitrator shall be in writing and set forth 
the findings and conclusions upon which the decision is based. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the requirement to arbitrate does not apply 
to the filing of a claim with a federal, state or local administrative 
agency. The decision of the Arbitrator shall be final and binding and may 
be enforced under the terms of the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. 
Section 1 et seq.), but may in addition be set aside or modified by a 
reviewing court in the event of a material error of law. Judgment upon the 
award may be entered, confirmed and enforced in any federal or state court 
of competent jurisdiction.
 
(b)  Equitable Remedies. I agree that it would be impossible or inadequate 
to measure and calculate the Company's damages from any breach of the 
covenants set forth in Sections 2, 3, 5 and 6 of this Agreement. 
Accordingly, I agree that if I breach or threaten to breach any of such 
covenants, the Company will have available, in addition to any other right 
or remedy available, the right to obtain injunctive and equitable relief of 
any type from a court of competent jurisdiction, including but not limited 
to restraining such breach or threatened breach and to specific performance 
of any such provision of this Agreement. I further agree that no bond or 
other security shall be required in obtaining such equitable relief and I 
hereby consent to the issuance of such injunction and to the ordering of 
specific performance.
 
- 5 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
8.  General Provisions.
 
(a)  Governing Law and Forum. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of Pennsylvania, the location of 
the Company's headquarters, where this Agreement shall be entered into, 
without giving effect to any conflict of laws provisions. Any court action 
instituted by me or on my behalf relating in any way to this Agreement or 
my employment with the Company shall be filed exclusively in federal or 
state court in the County of Allegheny, State of Pennsylvania and I consent 
to the jurisdiction and venue of these courts in any action instituted by 
the Company against me.
 
(b)  Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Offer of Employment Letter, 
set forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and 
me, and merges all prior discussions between us. No modification of or 
amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this 
agreement, will be effective unless in writing signed by me and the 
Companyâ€™s Chief Executive Officer, President or Chief Operating Officer. 
Any subsequent change or changes in my duties, salary or compensation will 
not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement.
 
(c)  Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or application 
thereof to anyone or under any circumstances is adjudicated to be invalid 
or unenforceable by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction, such 
invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or 
application of this Agreement which can be given effect without the invalid 
or unenforceable provision or application and shall not invalidate or 
render unenforceable such provision or application in any other 
jurisdiction.
 
(d)  Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon my heirs, 
executors, administrators and other legal representatives and may be 
assigned by the Company and its successors without my consent.
 
9.  Representations and Warranties. I represent and warrant that I am not 
under any obligations to any third party which prohibits, restricts or 
could interfere in any way with the performance of my duties as an employee 
of the Company and that my employment with Company will not breach any 
agreement by which I am bound, including, without limitation, with any of 
my former employers. I represent and warrant that there are no legal or 
contractual impediments to me being able to fully undertake any work on 
behalf of the Company, including but not limited to agreements not to 
compete. Any and all agreements I have entered into either with any former 
employers or which could apply in any way to my activities during my 
employment with the Company are listed in attachment "B" to this Agreement.
 
10.  Employee Acknowledgement. I acknowledge and agree (i) that I have had 
the opportunity to consult with independent counsel of my own choice 
concerning this Agreement and has been advised to do so by the Company, and 
(ii) that I have read and understand the Agreement, am fully aware of its 
legal effect, and have entered into it freely based on my own judgment.
 
- 6 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Date: 11/10/07
 
     /s/ John J. Freeh
                             Signature
 
      John J. Freeh
  Name of Employee (typed or printed)
 
/s/ Christopher J. Garofalo
Witness
 
- 7 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
ATTACHMENT A
 
- 8 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
ATTACHMENT B
 
- 9 -
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 