 EX-10.2 3 exhibit10-2_15574.txt AMENDED RECEIVABLES SALE AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT 10.2 ------------ EXECUTION COPY 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES SALE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 7, 
2007 BETWEEN BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION AND EACH OF ITS DIRECT OR 
INDIRECT WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES THAT HEREAFTER BECOMES A SELLER 
HEREUNDER, AS THE SELLERS, AND BOSTON SCIENTIFIC FUNDING LLC, AS THE BUYER 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE ---- ARTICLE I. CAPITALIZATION OF THE BUYER AND 
AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE 
PURCHASES................................................1 Section 1.1 
Capitalization of the Buyer...............................1 Section 1.2 
Purchases of Receivables..................................2 Section 1.3 
Payment for the Purchases.................................3 Section 1.4 
Purchase Price Credit Adjustments.........................4 Section 1.5 
Payments and Computations, Etc............................4 Section 1.6 
Transfer of Records.......................................5 Section 1.7 
Characterization; Granting Clause.........................5 ARTICLE II. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.................................6 Section 
2.1 Representations of the Sellers............................6 ARTICLE 
III. CONDITIONS OF PURCHASES.......................................11 
Section 3.1 Conditions Precedent to Initial Purchase.................11 
Section 3.2 Conditions Precedent to All Purchases (including the Purchase 
from Each Seller on its Applicable Closing 
Date)..........................................12 Section 3.3 Reaffirmation 
of Representations and Warranties..........12 Section 3.4 Conditions 
Precedent to Effectiveness....................13 ARTICLE IV. 
COVENANTS.....................................................13 Section 
4.1 Affirmative Covenants....................................13 Section 4.2 
Reporting Requirements...................................15 Section 4.3 
Negative Covenants.......................................17 ARTICLE V. 
JOINDER OF ADDITIONAL SELLERS.................................19 Section 
5.1 Addition of New Sellers..................................19 Section 5.2 
Documentation............................................19 ARTICLE VI. 
ADDITIONAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS IN RESPECT OF THE 
RECEIVABLES.................................................20 Section 6.1 
Rights of the Buyer......................................20 Section 6.2 
Responsibilities of the Sellers..........................20 Section 6.3 
Further Action Evidencing Purchases......................21 Section 6.4 
Application of Collections...............................21 ARTICLE VII. 
INDEMNIFICATION...............................................21 i Section 
7.1 Indemnities by the Sellers...............................21 Section 7.2 
Contribution.............................................24 ARTICLE VIII. 
MISCELLANEOUS.................................................24 Section 
8.1 Waivers and Amendments...................................24 Section 8.2 
Notices, Etc.............................................24 Section 8.3 
Cumulative Remedies......................................24 Section 8.4 
Binding Effect; Assignability............................25 Section 8.5 
Governing Law............................................25 Section 8.6 
Costs, Expenses and Taxes................................25 Section 8.7 
Submission to Jurisdiction...............................26 Section 8.8 
Waiver of Jury Trial.....................................26 Section 8.9 
Captions and Cross References; Incorporation by 
Reference...........................................26 Section 8.10 
Execution in Counterparts................................26 Section 8.11 
Acknowledgment and Agreement.............................27 Section 8.12 No 
Proceedings...........................................27 Section 8.13 
Confidentiality..........................................27 Section 8.14 
Loans by Buyer to Originator.............................27 Section 8.15 No 
Recourse Against Other Parties........................27 ANNEXES, EXHIBITS 
AND SCHEDULES ANNEX A - definitions EXHIBIT A - FORM OF PURCHASE 
REPORT.................................. EXHIBIT B - FORM OF SUBORDINATED 
NOTE................................ EXHIBIT C - CREDIT AND COLLECTION 
POLICIES........................... EXHIBIT D - FORM OF JOINDER 
AGREEMENT................................ SCHEDULE 2.1(r) - ORGANIZATIONAL 
ID NUMBERS; JURISIDICTIONS OF ORGANIZATION; CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICE 
ADDRESSES; LOCATION(S) WHERE RECORDS ARE KEPT................. ii AMENDED 
AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES SALE AGREEMENT THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED 
RECEIVABLES SALE AGREEMENT (as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise 
modified from time to time, this "AGREEMENT"), dated as of November 7, 
2007, is entered into by and between: (1) Boston Scientific Corporation, a 
Delaware corporation ("BSX"), and each of the direct or indirect, 
wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries of BSX that hereafter becomes a party 
hereto by executing a joinder agreement in the form of Exhibit D hereto 
(each, a "JOINDER AGREEMENT"), as sellers (each, a "SELLER" and 
collectively, the "SELLERS"), and (2) Boston Scientific Funding LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company, as purchaser (the "BUYER"). Unless 
otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined 
in ANNEX A hereto or, if not defined therein, in that certain Amended and 
Restated Credit and Security Agreement dated as of November 7, 2007, by and 
among the Buyer, as "Borrower," BSX, as "Initial Servicer," Old Line 
Funding, LLC, Victory Receivables Corporation, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi 
UFJ Ltd., New York Branch, individually and as "Victory Agent," and Royal 
Bank of Canada, individually, as "Old Line Agent" and as "Administrative 
Agent" (as amended, supplemented, restated, joined or otherwise modified 
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the "CREDIT AND 
SECURITY AGREEMENT"). In addition ANNEX A sets forth certain rules of 
interpretation that are applicable to this Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents. W I T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, the parties hereto 
are parties to a Receivables Sale Agreement dated as of August 16, 2002 and 
previously amended (the "ORIGINAL RSA"); and WHEREAS, the parties hereto 
desire to further amend the Original RSA as of the date hereof; NOW, 
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein 
contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as 
follows: ARTICLE I CAPITALIZATION OF THE BUYER AND AMOUNTS AND TERMS OF THE 
PURCHASES Section 1.1 Capitalization of the Buyer. Effective on the Initial 
Closing Date, BSX contributed to the Buyer's capital, in exchange for all 
of the Buyer's Equity Interests all of BSX's Receivables existing as of the 
Initial Cutoff Date and all Related Security and proceeds with respect 
thereto (such Receivables, the "INITIAL CONTRIBUTED RECEIVABLES"). Section 
1.2 Purchases of Receivables. (a) Effective on the Applicable Closing Date 
for each Seller, in consideration for the Purchase Price and upon the terms 
and subject to the conditions set forth herein, each such Seller does 
hereby sell to the Buyer, without recourse (except to the extent expressly 
provided herein), and the Buyer does hereby purchase from such Seller, all 
of such Seller's right, title and interest in and to such Seller's 
Receivables, the Related Security and all proceeds received subsequent to 
the Seller's Applicable Cut-Off Date of the foregoing (other than any such 
assets contributed to Buyer pursuant to Section 1.1 above), in each case, 
whether now existing or hereafter arising or acquired. (b) Each Seller's 
Receivables existing as of such Seller's Applicable Cut-Off Date are hereby 
sold or contributed, as applicable, to Buyer on such Seller's Applicable 
Closing Date. Each of such Seller's Receivables arising after such Seller's 
Applicable Cut-Off Date and on or prior to its Sale Termination Date shall 
be deemed to have been sold to Buyer immediately (and without further 
action by any Person) upon the creation of such Receivable. The Related 
Security with respect to each Receivable (and proceeds of such Receivable 
and Related Security) shall be sold at the same time as such Receivable 
together with all related proceeds received on or after the Seller's 
Applicable Cut-Off Date. (c) It is the intention of the parties hereto that 
each conveyance of Receivables made under this Agreement shall constitute 
an outright "sale of accounts" (as such terms are used in Article 9 of the 
UCC) or other absolute transfer, which is absolute and irrevocable and 
shall provide the Buyer with the full benefits of ownership of the 
Receivables and the associated Related Security. Except for the Purchase 
Price Credits owed pursuant to Section 1.4, each conveyance of Receivables 
hereunder is made without recourse to the applicable Seller; PROVIDED, 
HOWEVER, that (i) each Seller will be liable to the Buyer for all 
representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities made by such Seller 
pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents to which such Seller is 
a party, and (ii) such conveyance does not constitute and is not intended 
to result in an assumption by the Buyer or any assignee thereof of any 
obligation of such Seller or any other Person arising in connection with 
the Receivables, the related Contracts and/or other Related Security or any 
other obligations of such Seller. In view of the intention of the parties 
hereto that the conveyances of Receivables made hereunder shall constitute 
outright sales of such Receivables rather than loans secured thereby, each 
Seller agrees that it will, on or prior to its Applicable Closing Date, 
mark its summary aged trial balance reports with the legend required by 
Section 3.1(i) hereof. (d) Nothing herein shall be deemed to preclude BSX 
from contributing to the Buyer's capital, in lieu of selling, Receivables 
originated by BSX in addition to the Initial Contributed Receivables 
together with the Related Security associated therewith, and any such 
contribution is made with the intention that each such contribution, if 
any, will be made with the same intentions as are set forth in Section 
1.2(c) above. No Purchase Price shall be payable in respect of any 
contributed Receivable or its associated Related Security. 2 Section 1.3 
Payment for the Purchases. (a) The Purchase Price for each purchase of 
Receivables (other than Initial Contributed Receivables) and Related 
Security from any Seller will be payable in full by the Buyer to such 
Seller on its date of sale or deemed sale in accordance with Section 1.2(b) 
(except that the Buyer may, with respect to any such purchase, offset 
against such Purchase Price any amounts due and owing from such Seller to 
the Buyer hereunder), and shall be paid to such Seller in one or both of 
the following manners: (i) by delivery of immediately available funds, to 
the extent of the Buyer's Available Funds; and (ii) solely to the extent 
such Available Funds are insufficient to pay the full amount of Purchase 
Price then due and owing, by delivery of a Subordinated Note made by the 
Buyer to the applicable Seller (and making a notation of a Subordinated 
Loan thereunder), so long as the aggregate principal amount of Subordinated 
Loans outstanding at any one time under such Subordinated Notes does not 
exceed the lesser of (A) the aggregate remaining unpaid portion of such 
Purchase Price, and (B) the maximum Subordinated Loan that could be 
borrowed without rendering the Buyer's Net Worth less than the Required 
Capital Amount. (b) Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 
1.3(a)(ii), each of the Sellers irrevocably agrees to advance each 
Subordinated Loan requested by the Buyer on or prior to such Seller's Sale 
Termination Date. The Subordinated Loans owing to each Seller will be 
evidenced by, and shall be payable in accordance with the terms and 
provisions, of its Subordinated Note and shall be payable solely from 
Available Funds at the time of each such payment. Each Seller is hereby 
authorized by the Buyer to endorse on the schedule attached to its 
Subordinated Note an appropriate notation evidencing the date and amount of 
each Subordinated Loan thereunder, as well as the date of each payment with 
respect thereto, PROVIDED that the failure to make such notation shall not 
affect any obligation of the Buyer thereunder. (c) On each Monthly 
Reporting Date after its Applicable Closing Date, each Seller will (or 
shall require the Servicer to) deliver to the Buyer and the Agents a report 
in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto (each such report being 
herein called a "PURCHASE REPORT") with respect to the Receivables sold by 
such Seller to the Buyer during the Calculation Period then most recently 
ended. Each such Purchase Report shall list the applicable Seller 
separately and shall specify, as applicable: (i) the Receivables sold by 
such Seller during the Calculation Period then most recently ended, and 
(ii) the amount of the Receivables described in the foregoing clause (i) 
that were Eligible Receivables on the date they were acquired by the Buyer. 
(d) Although the Purchase Price for each purchase of Receivables and 
Related Security shall be due and payable in full by the Buyer to the 
applicable Seller on the date of such purchase, settlement of the Purchase 
Price between the Buyer and such Seller will be effected 3 on monthly 
Settlement Dates with respect to all purchases within the most recently 
ended Calculation Period and based on the information contained in the 
Purchase Report delivered for such Calculation Period pursuant to Section 
1.3(c). Although cash settlements shall be effected on monthly Settlement 
Dates, increases or decreases in the Subordinated Loans shall be deemed to 
have occurred and shall be effective as of the last Business Day of the 
Calculation Period to which such settlement relates. Section 1.4 Purchase 
Price Credit Adjustments. If on any day: (a) the aggregate Outstanding 
Balance of the Receivables originated by any Seller as reflected in the 
preceding Purchase Report (net of any positive adjustments) has been 
reduced or canceled for any of the following reasons: (i) as a result of 
any rejected, defective or returned services or merchandise, any cash 
discount or any other adjustment by the applicable Seller or any Affiliate 
thereof (regardless of whether the same is treated by such Seller or 
Affiliate as a write-off), or as a result of any surcharge or other 
governmental or regulatory action, or (ii) as a result of any setoff or 
breach of the underlying agreement in respect of any claim by the Obligor 
thereof against the applicable Seller, Buyer or any Affiliate of the 
foregoing (whether such claim arises out of the same or a related or an 
unrelated transaction), or (iii) on account of the obligation of the 
applicable Seller or any Affiliate thereof to pay to the related Obligor 
any rebate or refund, or (iv) as a result of any Outstanding Balance of any 
Receivable on the date of its sale or contribution proving to have been 
less on such date than the amount reflected on the applicable Purchase 
Report, or (b) any of the representations or warranties of the applicable 
Seller set forth in Section 2.1(a), (k) or (s) was not true when made with 
respect to any Receivable originated by it, or any of the representations 
or warranties of the applicable Seller set forth in Section 2.1(t) is no 
longer true with respect to any Receivable originated by it, then, in such 
event, the Buyer shall be entitled to a credit (each, a "PURCHASE PRICE 
CREDIT") against the Purchase Price otherwise payable hereunder equal to 
(A) the amount of such reduction, cancellation or overstatement, in the 
case of the preceding clauses (a)(i), (a)(ii), (a)(iii) and (a)(iv), and 
(B) in the full amount of the Outstanding Balance of such Receivable in the 
case of the preceding clause (b). If such Purchase Price Credit exceeds the 
original Outstanding Balance of the Receivables to be sold by the 
applicable Seller on the date of a purchase, then the applicable Seller 
will pay to the Buyer the remaining amount of such Purchase Price Credit in 
cash not later than the next Business Day; PROVIDED that if such Seller's 
Sale Termination Date has not occurred, such Seller will be allowed to 
deduct the remaining amount of such Purchase Price Credit from any 
Indebtedness owed to it under its Subordinated Note. Section 1.5 Payments 
and Computations, Etc. All amounts to be paid or deposited by the Buyer 
hereunder shall be paid or deposited in accordance with the terms hereof on 
the day when due in immediately available funds to the account of the 
applicable Seller designated from time to time by such Seller or as 
otherwise directed by such Seller. In the event 4 that any payment owed by 
any Person hereunder becomes due on a day that is not a Business Day, then 
such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. If any 
Person fails to pay any amount hereunder when due, such Person agrees to 
pay, on demand, interest on the past due amount at the Default Rate until 
paid in full; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that such interest shall not at any time 
exceed the maximum rate permitted by applicable law. All computations of 
interest payable hereunder shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days 
for the actual number of days (including the first but excluding the last 
day) elapsed. Section 1.6 Transfer of Records. (a) In connection with the 
purchases of Receivables hereunder, each Seller hereby sells, transfers, 
assigns and otherwise conveys to the Buyer all of such Seller's right and 
title to and interest in the Records relating to all Receivables sold 
hereunder, without the need for any further documentation in connection 
with any purchase. In connection with such transfer, each Seller hereby 
agrees that following any replacement of BSX (or one of its Affiliates) as 
the Servicer, it will promptly grant access to Administrative Agent or to 
the new Servicer, as the case may be, to all data embedded in or created by 
all software used by such Seller to account for its Receivables, including, 
without limitation, any print outs of such data,. (b) In addition to the 
requirements of Section 6.3, each Seller (i) shall take such action 
requested by the Buyer and/or any of the Agents, from time to time 
hereafter, that may be necessary or reasonably appropriate to ensure that 
the Buyer has an enforceable ownership interest in the Records relating to 
the Receivables purchased from such Seller hereunder, and (ii) shall use 
its reasonable efforts to ensure that the Buyer and the Servicer each has 
an enforceable right (whether by license or sublicense or otherwise) to use 
all of the computer software used to account for the Receivables and/or to 
recreate such Records. Section 1.7 Characterization; Granting Clause. (a) 
If, notwithstanding the intention of the parties expressed in Section 
1.2(c), any sale by any of the Sellers to the Buyer of Receivables 
hereunder shall be characterized as a secured loan and not a sale, then 
this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a security agreement under the 
UCC and other applicable law. For this purpose and without being in 
derogation of the parties' intention that each sale of Receivables 
hereunder shall constitute a true sale thereof, each of the Sellers hereby 
grants to the Buyer a duly perfected security interest in all of such 
Seller's right, title and interest in, to and under all of such Seller's 
Receivables now existing and hereafter arising, and in all Related Security 
with respect thereto, which security interest shall be prior to all other 
Liens thereto. After the occurrence of a Seller's Sale Termination Event, 
the Buyer and its assigns shall have as against the applicable Seller, in 
addition to the rights and remedies which they may have under this 
Agreement, all other rights and remedies provided to a secured creditor 
after default under the UCC and other applicable law, which rights and 
remedies shall be cumulative. (b) Each Seller hereby covenants and agrees 
to do all things necessary under each of its Contracts to facilitate 
collection of the Receivables arising thereunder by the Buyer and its 
assigns, and to secure its obligations under this Section 1.7(b). 5 
ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Section 2.1 Representations of 
the Sellers. In order to induce the Buyer to enter into this Agreement and 
to make purchases and accept the contributions hereunder, each Seller 
hereby makes the following representations and warranties, as to itself, as 
of the date of each sale or contribution by it hereunder; PROVIDED, 
HOWEVER, that so long as each of the Liquidity Banks remains a party to the 
BSX Credit Agreement, no Seller will be required to "date-down" its 
representation in Section 2.1(b) or 2.1(g) hereof: (a) Financial Condition. 
The consolidated balance sheet of BSX and its consolidated Subsidiaries as 
at December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2005 and the related consolidated 
statements of operations and of cash flows for the fiscal years ended on 
such dates, reported on by Ernst & Young LLP, copies of which have 
heretofore been furnished to Buyer and Lenders, are complete and correct 
and present fairly the consolidated financial condition of BSX as at such 
dates, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated 
cash flows for the fiscal years then ended. The unaudited consolidated 
balance sheet of BSX and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at September 30, 
2007 or, if later and prior to the date of this Agreement, the date of 
BSX's most recent publicly available Form 10-Q and the related unaudited 
consolidated statements of operations and of cash flows for the fiscal 
period ended on such date, certified by an Authorized Officer, copies of 
which have heretofore been furnished to Buyer and each Lender, are complete 
and materially correct and present fairly (subject to normal year-end audit 
adjustments) the consolidated financial condition of BSX and its 
consolidated Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of 
its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the fiscal period then 
ended. All such annual financial statements, including the related 
schedules and notes thereto, were, as of the date prepared, prepared in 
accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods involved 
(except as approved by such accountants or an Authorized Officer, as the 
case may be, and as disclosed therein). The quarterly financial statements 
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles for interim financial information and with the instructions to 
Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act of 
1933. Accordingly, such quarterly statements do not include all of the 
information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial 
statements. In the opinion of BSX, all adjustments (consisting only of 
normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation 
have been included. Neither BSX nor any of its consolidated Subsidiaries 
had, at the date of the most recent balance sheet referred to above, any 
material Guarantee Obligation, material contingent liability or material 
liability for taxes, or any material long-term lease or material unusual 
forward or long-term commitment, including, without limitation, any 
interest rate or foreign currency swap or exchange transaction, which is 
not reflected in the foregoing statements or in the notes thereto. (b) No 
Change. Since the date of the most recent financial statements filed with 
BSX's Form 10-Q or Form 10-K (or the equivalent thereof) under the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, there has been no development 
or event which has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Seller 
Material Adverse Effect. (c) Ownership of Such Seller. BSX owns, directly 
or indirectly, all the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of (i) the 
Buyer and (ii) each of the other Sellers (if any), and all of such Equity 
Interests are fully paid and non-assessable. 6 (d) Corporate Existence; 
Compliance with Law. Each Seller and its Subsidiaries (a) is duly 
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has the corporate or other power and 
authority, and the legal right, to own and operate its property, to lease 
the property it operates as lessee and to conduct the business in which it 
is currently engaged, (c) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or 
other entity and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where 
its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of its 
business requires such qualification and (d) is in compliance with all 
Requirements of Law, except to the extent that the failure of the foregoing 
clauses (a), (c) and (d) to be true and correct could not, in the 
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Seller Material Adverse Effect. 
(e) Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations. Each Seller 
has the corporate or other power and authority, and the legal right, to 
make, deliver and perform its obligations under each Transaction Document 
to which it is a party and to consummate the transactions herein and 
therein contemplated and has taken all necessary corporate action to 
authorize the consummation of the transactions herein and therein 
contemplated and to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. Except for filings with 
respect to the disclosure of the Transaction Documents pursuant to the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (all of which filings shall be 
made at or prior to the time required by applicable law), no consent or 
authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, 
any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required with respect to 
such Seller or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the transactions 
hereunder or with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or 
enforceability of the Transaction Documents to which such Seller is a 
party. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which such 
Seller is, or is to become, a party has been or will be, as applicable, 
duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Seller. This Agreement and 
each other Transaction Document to which such Seller is, or is to become, a 
party constitutes or will constitute, as applicable, a legal, valid and 
binding obligation of such Seller enforceable against such Seller in 
accordance with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, 
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other 
similar laws relating to or affecting creditors' rights generally, general 
equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at 
law) and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. (f) No Legal 
Bar. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents 
and transactions contemplated hereunder will not violate any Requirement of 
Law or Contractual Obligation of such Seller or of any of its Subsidiaries 
which could reasonably be expected to have a Seller Material Adverse Effect 
and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien 
(except for any Lien permitted by or created pursuant to any of the 
Transaction Documents) on any of its or their respective properties or 
revenues pursuant to any such Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation 
which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (g) 
No Material Litigation. Except as disclosed in BSX's most recent publicly 
available Form 10-K or, if later, the date of BSX's most recent publicly 
available Form 10-Q, no litigation, investigation or proceeding of or 
before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the 
knowledge of such Seller, threatened by or against such Seller or any of 
its Subsidiaries or against any of its or its respective properties or 
revenues (a) with 7 respect to any of the Transaction Documents or any of 
the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) which could reasonably be 
expected to have a Seller Material Adverse Effect. (h) No Default. Neither 
such Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default under or with respect 
to any of its Contractual Obligations in excess of $100,000,000. No 
Unmatured Amortization Event or Amortization Event has occurred and is 
continuing. (i) Intentionally Omitted. (j) Taxes. Each of such Seller and 
its Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all tax returns which, to 
the knowledge of such Seller, are required to be filed and has paid all 
taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns or on any assessments 
made against it (other than any the amount or validity of which are 
currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with 
respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the 
books of such Seller or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be), except to 
the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to 
result in a Seller Material Adverse Effect. (k) Federal Regulations. The 
use of all funds obtained by such Seller under this Agreement or any other 
Transaction Document to which it is a party will not violate Regulation U 
of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as now and from 
time to time hereafter in effect. (l) ERISA. Neither a Reportable Event nor 
an "accumulated funding deficiency" (within the meaning of Section 412 of 
the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) has occurred during the five-year period 
prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made with 
respect to any Plan other than a Multiemployer Plan, and each Plan has 
complied in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA 
and the Code, where the liability which could be reasonably expected to 
result could have a Seller Material Adverse Effect; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that 
with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, such representation is made only to 
the knowledge of such Seller. No termination of a Single Employer Plan 
pursuant to Section 4041(c) or 4042 of ERISA has occurred, and no Lien in 
favor of the PBGC or a Plan has arisen, during such five-year period. The 
present value of all accrued benefits under each Single Employer Plan 
(based on those assumptions used to fund such Plans) did not, as of the 
last annual valuation date prior to the date on which this representation 
is made or deemed made, exceed the value of the assets of such Plan 
allocable to such accrued benefits by a material amount. Neither such 
Seller nor any Commonly Controlled Entity has had a complete or partial 
withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan and to the knowledge of such Seller, 
neither such Seller nor any Commonly Controlled Entity would become subject 
to any liability under ERISA if such Seller or any such Commonly Controlled 
Entity were to withdraw completely from all Multiemployer Plans as of the 
valuation date most closely preceding the date on which this representation 
is made or deemed made which liability could be reasonably expected to 
result could have a Seller Material Adverse Effect. No such Multiemployer 
Plan is in Reorganization or Insolvent. (m) Investment Company Act; Other 
Regulations. Such Seller is not an "investment company", or a company 
"controlled" by an "investment company", within the 8 meaning of the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Such Seller is not subject to 
regulation under any Federal or State statute or regulation (other than 
Regulation X of the Board) which limits its ability to incur Indebtedness. 
(n) Disclosure. The statements and information contained herein and in any 
of the information provided to the Agents or the Lenders (other than 
financial projections) in connection with this Agreement, taken as a whole, 
do not contain any untrue statement of any material fact, or omit to state 
a fact necessary in order to make such statements or information not 
misleading in any material respect, in each case in light of the 
circumstances under which such statements were made or information provided 
as of the date so provided. Each Purchase Report delivered by such Seller 
pursuant to this Agreement was true and accurate in every material respect 
on the date specified in such report and did not contain any material 
misstatement of fact or omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary 
to make the statements contained therein not misleading. (o) Valid and 
Perfected Security Interest. Each such Receivable originated by such Seller 
has been transferred to the Buyer free and clear of any Lien except as 
created hereby or by the other Transaction Documents. Without limiting the 
foregoing, such Seller has delivered to the Administrative Agent (as the 
Buyer's assignee) in form suitable for filing all financing statements or 
other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC of all 
appropriate jurisdictions to perfect the Buyer's ownership interest in such 
Receivable and the Administrative Agent's collateral assignment thereof. 
This Agreement creates a valid security interest in each such Receivable 
and its Related Security in favor of the Buyer, and, upon filing of the 
financing statements described in the preceding sentence, together with UCC 
termination statements delivered hereunder, such security interest will be 
a first priority perfected security interest. (p) Nature of Receivables. 
Each Receivable constitutes an "Account" and is not a "Health-care 
insurance receivable", in each case, as defined in the UCC in effect in the 
State of New York. (q) Title to Receivables and Quality of Title. (i) Upon 
issuance of its shares of capital stock to BSX (in the case of Initial 
Contributed Receivables and any Receivables that BSX, in its sole 
discretion, may elect to contribute thereafter) and payment of the 
applicable Purchase Price for each purchased Receivable in one or both of 
the manners permitted by this Agreement, the Buyer will have irrevocably 
obtained all legal and equitable title to such Receivable and its Related 
Security (other than any Related Security constituting a Contract that 
contains a prohibition on assignment, in which case the Buyer has obtained 
a valid and perfected first priority perfected security interest in the 
applicable Seller's right to receive payments thereunder to the extent 
contemplated by Section 9-406 of the UCC of the applicable jurisdiction), 
and the Buyer has the legal right to sell and encumber, each such 
Receivable and its Related Security. Without limiting the foregoing, there 
have been duly filed all financing statements or other similar instruments 
or documents necessary under the UCC of all appropriate jurisdictions to 
perfect the Buyer's ownership interest in such Receivable. 9 (ii) No 
financing statement or other instrument similar in effect covering any 
portion of the Collateral is on file in any recording office except such as 
may be filed (A) in favor of a Seller in accordance with the Contracts, (B) 
in favor of the Buyer and its assigns in connection with this Agreement, 
(C) in favor of the Administrative Agent in accordance with the Credit and 
Security Agreement, (D) in connection with any Lien arising solely as the 
result of any action taken by the Administrative Agent or one of the 
Secured Parties, or (E) which shall be terminated or amended pursuant to 
the UCC termination statements or amendments delivered hereunder. (r) 
Offices. The chief executive office of such Seller is located at the 
address set forth for it on Schedule 2.1(r) hereto or its Joinder 
Agreement, as applicable, and the offices where such Seller keep all books, 
records and documents evidencing the Receivables originated by it (other 
than books, records and documents that are stored off-site with respect to 
Receivables which are no longer outstanding or which have been 
written-off), the related material Contracts and all purchase orders and 
other agreements related to such Receivables are located at the addresses 
specified in Schedule 2.1(r) hereto or its Joinder Agreement (or at such 
other locations, notified to the Buyer in accordance with Section 4.3(g), 
in jurisdictions where all action required by Section 4.3(g) has been taken 
and completed). As of the date hereof, such Seller is a "registered 
organization" (within the meaning of Section 9-102 of the UCC as in effect 
in its jurisdiction of organization). Since the date of this Agreement, 
such Seller has not changed its jurisdiction of organization. (s) 
Collection Accounts. Such Seller has instructed all Obligors thereon to pay 
all Collections either directly by mail addressed to a Lockbox listed on 
Exhibit IV to the Credit and Security Agreement which is subject to a 
Collection Account Agreement, or by wire transfer or other electronic funds 
transfer directly to a Collection Account listed on Exhibit IV to the 
Credit and Security Agreement which is subject to a Collection Account 
Agreement. Such Seller and the Buyer have caused each of the Collection 
Accounts that was in the name of a Seller on the Initial Closing Date to be 
transferred to the Buyer and into the Buyer's name. (t) Eligible 
Receivables. Each Receivable originated by such Seller that is included as 
an Eligible Receivable on any Purchase Report was an Eligible Receivable on 
the date on which it was sold or contributed to the Buyer pursuant hereto. 
(u) Names. Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1(r), since January 1, 1997, 
such Seller has not used any legal names, trade names or assumed names 
other than the name in which it has executed this Agreement. (v) Credit and 
Collection Policy. With respect to the Receivables originated by such 
Seller, such Seller has complied in all material respects with its 
applicable Credit and Collection Policy, and no change has been made to 
such Credit and Collection Policy since the date of this Agreement which 
would be reasonably likely to materially and adversely affect the 
collectibility of the Receivables originated by such Seller or decrease the 
credit quality of any newly created Receivables originated by such Seller 
except for such changes as to which each of the Agents has received the 
notice required under Section 7.1(a)(vii) of the Credit and Security 
Agreement and has given its prior written consent thereto (which consent 
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 10 (w) Payments to Sellers. 
With respect to each Receivable sold or contributed to the Buyer by such 
Seller under this Agreement, the Buyer has given reasonably equivalent 
value to such Seller in consideration for such Receivable and the Related 
Security with respect thereto and no such transfer is or may be voidable 
under any section of the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 U.S.C. ss.ss.101 
et seq.), as amended. (x) Reliance on Separate Legal Identity. Such Seller 
is aware that the Lenders, the Liquidity Banks and the Agents are entering 
into the Transaction Documents in reliance upon the Buyer's identity as a 
legal entity separate from such Seller and any of its other Affiliates. 
ARTICLE III. CONDITIONS OF PURCHASES Section 3.1 Conditions Precedent to 
Initial Purchase. The initial purchase from each Seller hereunder is 
subject to the conditions precedent that (1) BSX shall have contributed the 
Initial Contributed Receivables and the associated Related Security to the 
Buyer, and the Buyer shall have issued 100% of its authorized outstanding 
Equity Interests to BSX, (2) the Buyer shall have executed and delivered a 
Subordinated Note in favor of such Seller, and (3) the Buyer shall have 
received, on or before such Seller's Applicable Closing Date, the 
following, each (unless otherwise indicated) dated such Seller's Applicable 
Closing Date, and each in form, substance and date reasonably satisfactory 
to the Buyer and the Agents: (a) A copy of the resolutions of such Seller's 
board of directors, board of managers, general partners or analogous 
Persons of such Seller approving the Transaction Documents to be delivered 
by it and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, certified by a 
Responsible Officer of such Seller; (b) A good standing certificate for 
such Seller issued as of a recent date by the Secretary of State of the 
state of its formation; (c) A certificate of a Responsible Officer of such 
Seller certifying the names and true signatures of the officers, partners, 
managers or members authorized on such Seller's behalf to sign the 
Transaction Documents to be delivered by it, on which certificate the Buyer 
and the Servicer (if the Servicer is not such Seller) may conclusively rely 
until such time as the Buyer and the Servicer shall receive from such 
Seller a revised certificate meeting the requirements of this subsection 
(c); (d) Recently certified copies of such Seller's Organic Documents; (e) 
Copies of the proper financing statements (Form UCC-1) that have been duly 
executed by such Seller, naming such Seller as seller, the Buyer as the 
purchaser, and the Administrative Agent as assignee of the Buyer, in each 
case, describing in reasonable detail the Receivables and the Related 
Security to be sold by such Seller to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement 
or other similar instruments or documents, as may be necessary under the 
UCC of all appropriate jurisdictions or any comparable law of all 
appropriate jurisdictions to perfect the Buyer's ownership interest in such 
Receivables and Related Security; 11 (f) A written search report from a 
Person satisfactory to the Servicer and the Administrative Agent listing 
all effective UCC financing statements that name such Seller as debtor, 
seller or assignor and that are filed in the jurisdictions in which filings 
were made pursuant to the foregoing subsection (e), together with copies of 
such financing statements (none of which, except for those described in the 
foregoing subsection (e) shall cover any Receivable or any Related Asset 
related to any Receivable) which is to be sold or contributed by such 
Seller to the Buyer hereunder, and tax and judgment lien search reports 
from a Person satisfactory to the Servicer and the Administrative Agent 
showing no evidence of such liens filed against such personal property 
other than those liens for which UCC termination statements have been 
delivered hereunder; (g) Evidence (i) of the execution and delivery by each 
of the parties thereto of each of the other Transaction Documents to be 
executed and delivered in connection herewith and (ii) that each of the 
conditions precedent to the execution, delivery and effectiveness of such 
other Transaction Documents has been satisfied to the Buyer's satisfaction; 
(h) An opinion of such Seller's counsel covering such matters as Buyer or 
Administrative Agent (as Buyer's assignee) may reasonably request; and (i) 
A certificate from an officer of such Seller to the effect that the 
Servicer and such Seller have placed on the most recent, and have taken all 
steps reasonably necessary to ensure that there shall be placed on 
subsequent, summary aged trial balance reports the following legend (or the 
substantive equivalent thereof): "PROPERTY OF BOSTON SCIENTIFIC FUNDING 
LLC" Section 3.2 Conditions Precedent to All Purchases (including the 
Purchase from Each Seller on its Applicable Closing Date). Each purchase 
shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that: (a) such 
Seller's Sale Termination Date shall not have occurred; (b) the Buyer (or 
its assigns) shall have received such other approvals, opinions or 
documents as it may reasonably request; and (c) on the date of such 
purchase, each of the representations and warranties of such Seller set 
forth in Article II hereof are true and correct in all material respects on 
and as of the date of such purchase (and after giving effect thereto) as 
though made on and as of such date (and shall be deemed to have been made 
on and as of such Date; except for representations and warranties stated to 
refer to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and 
warranties are true and correct as of such earlier date); PROVIDED, 
HOWEVER, that the preceding materiality standard shall not apply to those 
representations and warranties which themselves contain materiality 
standards; and PROVIDED, FURTHER, that so long as each of the Liquidity 
Banks remains a party to the BSX Credit Agreement, no Seller will be 
required to "date-down" its representation in Section 2.1(b) or 2.1(g) 
hereof. Section 3.3 Reaffirmation of Representations and Warranties. 
Subject to the proviso in Section 3.2(c) above, each Seller, by accepting 
the Purchase Price related to each 12 purchase of such Seller's Receivables 
and Related Security, shall be deemed to have certified that the 
representations and warranties of such Seller contained in Article II are 
true and correct as to such Seller on and as of the day of such purchase, 
with the same effect as though made on and as of such day. Section 3.4 
Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness. This Amended and Restated 
Receivables Sale Agreement shall become effective at such time as (a) the 
Agents shall have received counterparts of this Agreement duly executed by 
each of the parties hereto and (b) the conditions to effectiveness of the 
Credit and Security Agreement specified in Section 5.3 thereof shall have 
been satisfied. ARTICLE IV. COVENANTS Section 4.1 Affirmative 
Covenants. From each Seller's Applicable Closing Date until the later of 
the Final Payout Date or the cessation of the purchases of the Buyer 
hereunder, unless the Buyer and the Agents shall otherwise consent in 
writing each Seller will: (a) Conduct of Business and Maintenance of 
Existence. (i) Continue to engage in business of the same general type as 
conducted by it on the date of this Agreement, (ii) preserve, renew and 
keep in full force and effect its corporate existence and (except as could 
not in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Seller Material 
Adverse Effect), (iii) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, 
privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of 
its business (except as could not be reasonably expected to have a Seller 
Material Adverse Effect) and (iv) comply with all Contractual Obligations 
and Requirements of Law except to the extent that failure to comply 
therewith could not, in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a 
Seller Material Adverse Effect. (b) Audits. Such Seller will, subject to 
compliance with all Contractual Obligations and Requirements of Law: (i) at 
any time and from time to time upon not less than ten (10) Business Days' 
notice (unless an or Amortization Event has occurred and is continuing, in 
which case, not more than one (1) Business Day's notice shall be required) 
during regular business hours, permit the Buyer, the Agents or any of their 
agents or representatives: (A) to examine and make copies of and abstracts 
from all Records, Contracts and Invoices in the possession or under the 
control of such Seller, and (B) to visit the offices and properties of such 
Seller for the purpose of examining such Records, Contracts and Invoices 
and to discuss matters relating to Receivables or such Seller's performance 
hereunder with any of the officers or employees of such Seller having 
knowledge of such matters; and (ii) without limiting the provisions of 
clause (i) above, from time to time, at the expense of such Seller, permit 
certified public accountants or auditors acceptable to the Agents to 
conduct a review of such Seller's Contracts, Invoices and Records (each, a 
"REVIEW"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that, so long as no Amortization Event has 
occurred and is continuing, such Seller will only be responsible for the 
costs and expenses of one (1) such Review under this Section in any one 
calendar year unless (1) the first such Review in such calendar year 
resulted in negative findings (in which case such Seller will be 
responsible for the costs and expenses of two (2) such Reviews in such 
calendar year), or (2) the Buyer delivers an Extension Request under the 
Credit and Security Agreement 13 and the applicable Response Date is more 
than 3 calendar months after the first Review in such calendar year. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) such Seller requests the approval of 
a new Eligible Originator who is a Material Proposed Addition or (2) any 
Material Acquisition is consummated by such Seller, such Seller will be 
responsible for the costs and expenses of one additional Review per 
proposed Material Proposed Addition or per Material Acquisition in the 
calendar year in which such Material Proposed Addition is expected to occur 
or such Material Acquisition is expected to be consummated if such 
additional Review is requested by the Buyer or any of the Agents. (c) 
Keeping of Records and Books of Account. Such Seller will maintain and 
implement administrative and operating procedures (including, without 
limitation, an ability to recreate essential Records evidencing the 
Receivables originated by such Seller in the event of the destruction of 
the originals thereof and backing up on at least a daily basis on a 
separate computer from which electronic file copies can be readily 
produced), and keep and maintain, all Contracts, Records and other 
information necessary or reasonably advisable for the collection of all 
such Receivables (including, without limitation, Records adequate to permit 
the identification as of any Business Day when required of Outstanding 
Balances by Obligor and related debit and credit details of the 
Receivables). (d) Performance and Compliance with Receivables and 
Contracts. Such Seller will, at its expense, timely and fully perform and 
comply with all provisions, covenants and other promises, if any, required 
to be observed by it under the Contracts and/or Invoices related to the 
Receivables originated by such Seller and all agreements related to such 
Receivables except for such failures to fully perform and comply as would 
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Seller Material Adverse 
Effect. (e) Location of Records. Such Seller will keep its Records and 
material Contracts (and, to the extent that any of the foregoing constitute 
instruments, chattel paper or negotiable documents, all originals thereof), 
at its addresses referred to in Schedule 2.1(r) hereto, or, upon 30 days' 
prior written notice to the Agents, at such other locations in 
jurisdictions where all action required by Section 4.3(g) (if any) shall 
have been taken and completed. (f) Credit and Collection Policies. Such 
Seller will timely and fully comply with its Credit and Collection Policy 
in regard to the Receivables originated by it. (g) Separate Corporate 
Existence of the Buyer. Each Seller will take such actions as shall be 
required in order to maintain the separate identity of the Buyer separate 
and apart from such Seller and its other Affiliates, including those 
actions set forth in Section 7.1(l) of the Credit and Security Agreement. 
(h) Collections. Such Seller will instruct all Obligors thereon to pay all 
Collections either directly by mail addressed to a Lockbox listed on 
Exhibit IV to the Credit and Security Agreement which is subject to a 
Collection Account Agreement, or by wire transfer or other electronic funds 
transfer directly to a Collection Account listed on Exhibit IV to the 
Credit and Security Agreement which is subject to a Collection Account 
Agreement. Such Seller will cooperate fully with the Buyer in transferring 
each of the Collection Accounts to the Buyer. 14 (i) Further Assurances. 
Such Seller will take all necessary action to establish and maintain in 
favor of the Buyer, a valid and perfected ownership interest in the 
Receivables and Related Security. Section 4.2 Reporting Requirements. From 
such Seller's Applicable Closing Date until the later of the Final Payout 
Date or the cessation of the purchases of the Buyer hereunder, such Seller 
will furnish to the Buyer and the Agents: (a) Financial Statements. (i) as 
soon as available, but in any event within 110 days after the end of each 
fiscal year of BSX, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of BSX and its 
consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related 
consolidated statements of operations and stockholders' equity and of cash 
flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the 
figures for the previous year, reported on without a "going concern" or 
like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope 
of the audit, by Ernst & Young LLP or other independent certified public 
accountants of nationally recognized standing; (ii) as soon as available, 
but in any event not later than 60 days after the end of each of the first 
three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of BSX, the unaudited 
consolidated balance sheet of BSX and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at 
the end of such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements 
of operations for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through 
the end of such quarter and of cash flows of BSX and its consolidated 
Subsidiaries for the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such 
quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the 
previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer as being fairly stated in 
all material respects (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments); and 
(iii) all such financial statements shall be complete and correct in all 
material respects and shall be prepared in reasonable detail and in 
accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected 
therein and with prior periods (except as approved by such accountants or 
officer, as the case may be, and disclosed therein); PROVIDED that it is 
hereby acknowledged that the quarterly financial statements delivered 
pursuant to paragraph (b) above may not include all of the information and 
footnotes required by GAAP for complete annual financial statements. Any 
financial statement required to be furnished pursuant to this Section 
4.2(a) shall be deemed to have been furnished on the date on which the 
Lenders receive notice that BSX has posted such financial statement on the 
Intralinks website on the Internet at www.intralinks.com; PROVIDED that BSX 
shall give notice of any such posting to the Administrative Agent (who 
shall then give notice of any such posting to the Lenders). Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, BSX shall deliver paper copies of any financial statement 
referred to in this Section 4.2(a) to the Administrative Agent if the 
Administrative Agent or any Lender requests BSX to furnish such paper 
copies until written notice to cease delivering such paper copies is given 
by the Administrative Agent. 15 (b) Certificates; Other Information. (i) 
Concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in 
Section 4.2(a), a certificate of a Responsible Officer of BSX stating that 
such Responsible Officer has obtained no knowledge of any Unmatured 
Amortization Event or Amortization Event that has occurred and is 
continuing except as specified in such certificate; (ii) Within ten days 
after the same are sent, copies of all financial statements and reports 
which BSX sends to its stockholders, and within five days after the same 
are filed, copies of all financial statements and reports which BSX may 
make to, or file with, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
successor or analogous Governmental Authority, and promptly after the same 
are issued, copies of all press releases issued by BSX, or advise that such 
filings have been made; and (iii) Promptly, such additional financial and 
other information as any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. 
(c) Proceedings. As soon as possible and in any event within five Business 
Days after any Authorized Officer of such Seller obtains knowledge thereof, 
notice of (i) any litigation, investigation or proceeding which may exist 
at any time which would reasonably be expected to have a Seller Material 
Adverse Effect and (ii) any development in previously disclosed litigation 
which development would reasonably be expected to have a Seller Material 
Adverse Effect; (d) Change in Business or Credit and Collection Policy. 
Prompt written notice of any material change in the character of such 
Seller's business prior to the occurrence of such change, and not less than 
30 days' prior written notice of any material change in such Seller's 
Credit and Collection Policy (together with a copy of such proposed 
change); (e) Sale Termination Date. Prompt written notice of the Sale 
Termination Date; and (f) Other. Promptly, from time to time, such other 
information, documents, records or reports respecting the Receivables 
originated by such Seller, the condition, operations, financial or 
otherwise, of such Seller or such Seller's performance hereunder that the 
Buyer or any of the Agents may from time to time reasonably request in 
order to protect the interests of the Buyer and the Administrative Agent, 
on behalf of the Secured Parties, under or as contemplated by the 
Transaction Documents. (g) Taxes. Such Seller will file all tax returns and 
reports required by law to be filed by it and will promptly pay all taxes 
and governmental charges at any time owing, except any such taxes which are 
not yet delinquent or are being diligently contested in good faith by 
appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with 
GAAP shall have been set aside on its books. Each Seller will pay when due 
any taxes payable in connection with the Receivables, exclusive of taxes on 
or measured by income or gross receipts of any Agent or any Lender. 16 
Section 4.3 Negative Covenants. From such Seller's Applicable Closing Date 
until the later of the Final Payout Date or the cessation of the purchases 
of the Buyer hereunder, unless the Buyer and the Agents shall otherwise 
consent in writing, such Seller will not: (a) Sales, Liens, Etc. (i) Except 
as otherwise provided herein and in the other Transaction Documents, sell, 
assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or otherwise dispose of, or 
create or suffer to exist any Lien upon or with respect to, any Receivables 
originated by it, or any account to which any Collections are sent, or any 
right to receive income or proceeds from or in respect of any of the 
foregoing (except, prior to the execution of Collection Agreements, set-off 
rights of any bank at which any such account is maintained), or (ii) assert 
any interest in the Receivables, except as Servicer (or a designated 
sub-servicer for the Servicer). (b) Extension or Amendment of Receivables. 
Except as permitted in the Credit and Collection Policy, extend, amend or 
otherwise modify the terms of any Receivable originated by it, or amend, 
modify or waive any term or condition of any Contract or Invoice related 
thereto in any way that adversely affects the collectibility of the 
Receivables originated by such Originator, taken as a whole, or any 
material part thereof, or the Buyer's rights therein. (c) Change in 
Business or Credit and Collection Policy. Make or permit to be made any 
change in the character of its business or in the Credit and Collection 
Policy, which change would, in either case, impair the collectibility of 
any significant portion of the Receivables originated by it or otherwise 
materially and adversely affect the interests or remedies of the Buyer and 
its assigns under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. (d) 
Change in Payment Instructions to Obligors. Add or terminate any bank as a 
Collection Bank from those listed in Exhibit IV to the Credit and Security 
Agreement or, after the Collection Account has been established, make any 
change in its instructions to Obligors regarding payments to be made to the 
Buyer or the Servicer or payments to be made to any Collection Bank (except 
for a change in instructions solely for the purpose of directing Obligors 
to make such payments to another existing Collection Bank and where such 
change is immaterial and does not adversely affect the interests of the 
Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, in any respect), unless (i) 
the Agents shall have received prior written notice of such addition, 
termination or change and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received 
duly executed copies of Collection Agreements in a form reasonably 
acceptable to the Agents with each new Collection Bank. (e) Deposits to 
Collection Accounts. Deposit or authorize the deposit to any Collection 
Account of any cash or cash proceeds other than Collections of Receivables; 
it being understood and agreed that such Seller shall not be deemed to have 
breached the covenant set forth in this Section 4.3(e) solely by virtue of 
any deposits to any Collection Account of any cash or cash proceeds to the 
extent such deposit has not been authorized by such Seller. (f) Changes to 
Other Documents. Enter into any amendment or modification of, or supplement 
to (i) such Seller's Organic Documents which could reasonably be expected 
to be materially adverse to the Buyer, (ii) this Agreement, or (iii) the 
Subordinated Notes. 17 (g) Name Change, Offices, Records and Books of 
Accounts. Change its name, identity, jurisdiction of organization or 
corporate structure (within the meaning of Sections 9-503 and/or 9-507 of 
the UCC of all applicable jurisdictions) or relocate its chief executive 
office, principal place of business or any office where Records are kept 
unless it shall have: (i) given Buyer and the Agents at least forty-five 
(45) days' prior written notice thereof and (ii) delivered to the 
Administrative Agent all financing statements, instruments and other 
documents requested by Buyer or any of the Agents in connection with such 
change or relocation.. (h) Mergers, Consolidations and Acquisitions. Enter 
into any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or 
dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or convey, 
sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of, all or substantially 
all of its property, business or assets, except: (i) any Subsidiary of any 
Seller may be merged or consolidated with or into such Seller (provided 
that such Seller shall be the continuing or surviving corporation) or with 
or into any one or more wholly owned Subsidiaries of such Seller (provided 
that the wholly owned Subsidiary or Subsidiaries shall be the continuing or 
surviving corporation); (ii) any Seller or any wholly owned Subsidiary of 
such Seller may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of 
its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to such Seller or any 
other wholly owned Subsidiary, and, so long as no Unmatured Amortization 
Event or Amortization Event shall have occurred and be continuing or would 
occur as a result thereof, such Seller or any Subsidiary of the Seller may 
sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of its assets 
(upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to any non-wholly owned 
Subsidiary of such Seller for fair market value; (iii) any non-wholly owned 
Subsidiary of any Seller may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of 
any or all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to such 
Seller or any wholly owned Subsidiary of such Seller for fair market value 
or may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of its 
assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to any other non-wholly 
owned Subsidiary of such Seller; and (iv) any Seller or any Subsidiary of 
such Seller may be merged or consolidated with or into another Person; 
provided that such Seller or such Subsidiary shall be the continuing or 
surviving corporation and no Unmatured Amortization Event or Amortization 
Event shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a result 
thereof (and, in the case of any such transaction involving a Subsidiary, 
such Subsidiary shall continue to be a Subsidiary or the Seller shall have 
received fair market value therefor as determined by the Board of Directors 
of the Seller); and provided further that the Seller may not be merged or 
consolidated with or into any Subsidiary, PROVIDED that, in each of the 
foregoing cases: (A) in the case of any consolidation or merger in which 
the successor or surviving entity is not a Seller, the Agents and the Buyer 
receive prior written notice of such consolidation 18 or merger, and the 
successor or surviving entity (if not a Seller) unconditionally assumes 
such Seller's (or Sellers') respective obligations under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is (or they are) a party immediately prior to giving 
effect to such consolidation or merger; (B) all UCC financing statements 
necessary to maintain the validity and perfection of the Buyer's ownership 
interest in the Receivables and Related Security acquired or to be acquired 
from such Seller or Sellers under this Agreement, and the Administrative 
Agent's security interest therein on behalf of the Secured Parties, have 
been duly executed and filed in all necessary jurisdictions; and (C) if the 
surviving entity in such transaction(s) is not an existing Seller under 
this Agreement, all other documents required to be delivered in connection 
with a Joinder Agreement hereunder have been duly executed and delivered 
substantially contemporaneously with such transaction(s). (i) Disposition 
of Receivables and Related Security. Except pursuant to this Agreement, 
sell, lease, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction 
or in a series of transactions) any Receivables and Related Security. (j) 
Receivables Not to be Evidenced by Promissory Notes. Take any action to 
cause or permit any Receivable generated by it to become evidenced by any 
"instrument" (as defined in the applicable UCC), except in connection with 
the collection of overdue Receivables, PROVIDED that the original of any 
such instrument is delivered to the Buyer for immediate delivery to the 
Administrative Agent, duly endorsed. (k) Accounting for Purchases. Account 
for the transactions contemplated hereby in any manner other than as a sale 
or contribution of Receivables and the Related Security by such Seller to 
the Buyer. ARTICLE V. JOINDER OF ADDITIONAL SELLERS Section 5.1 Addition of 
New Sellers. From time to time upon not less than 60 days' prior written 
notice to the Buyer and the Agents (or such shorter period of time as the 
Agents may mutually agree upon), BSX may propose that one or more of its 
existing or hereafter acquired wholly-owned Subsidiaries become a Seller 
hereunder. No such addition shall become effective (a) if such addition 
constitutes a Material Proposed Addition, without the written consent of 
each of the Agents and each of the rating agencies who is then rating 
Commercial Paper of Blue Ridge or Victory but may become effective prior to 
such 60th day if such written consent is given more promptly and (b) unless 
all conditions precedent to such addition required by Section 5.2 below are 
satisfied prior to such date). Section 5.2 Documentation. In the event that 
the Buyer and the Agents consent to the addition of a New Seller, such New 
Seller will execute a Joinder Agreement and shall deliver each of the 
documents, certificates and opinions required to be delivered under Section 
3.1, together with such updated schedules and exhibits hereto as may be 
necessary to ensure that after giving effect to the addition of such New 
Seller, each of the representations and 19 warranties of such New Seller 
under Article II hereof will be true and correct as of such New Seller's 
Closing Date, and the Buyer will deliver a Subordinated Note to such New 
Seller. ARTICLE VI. ADDITIONAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS IN RESPECT OF THE 
RECEIVABLES Section 6.1 Rights of the Buyer. Each Seller hereby authorizes 
the Buyer and the Servicer (if other than such Seller) or their respective 
designees to take any and all steps in such Seller's name necessary or 
desirable, in their respective determination, to collect all amounts due 
under any and all Receivables, including, without limitation, endorsing 
such Seller's name on checks and other instruments representing Collections 
and enforcing such Receivables, the Invoices and the provisions of the 
related Contracts that concern payment and/or enforcement of rights to 
payment. Section 6.2 Responsibilities of the Sellers. Anything herein to 
the contrary notwithstanding: (a) Collection Procedures. Each Seller agrees 
to direct all Obligors to make payments of such Seller's Receivables 
directly to a Collection Account that is the subject of a Collection 
Account Agreement at a Collection Bank. Each Seller further agrees to 
transfer any Collections (including any security deposits applied to the 
Outstanding Balance of any Receivable) that it receives on such Receivables 
directly to the Servicer (if other than such Seller) within one (1) 
Business Day after receipt thereof, and agrees that all such Collections 
shall be deemed to be received in trust for the Buyer; PROVIDED that, to 
the extent permitted pursuant to Section 1.3, each Seller may retain such 
Collections as a portion of the Purchase Price then payable to it or apply 
such Collections to the reduction of the outstanding balance of its 
Subordinated Note. (b) Servicing. BSX shall be responsible for the 
servicing, administration and collection of the Receivables, all on the 
terms set out in (and subject to any rights to terminate BSX as Servicer 
pursuant to) the Credit and Security Agreement. (c) Power of Attorney. Each 
Seller hereby grants to Servicer (if other than such Seller) an irrevocable 
power of attorney, with full power of substitution, coupled with an 
interest, to take in the name of such Seller all steps which are necessary 
or advisable to endorse, negotiate, enforce, or otherwise realize on any 
writing or other right of any kind held or transmitted by such Seller or 
transmitted or received by such Seller in connection with any Receivable or 
under the Related Security (including the Records). (d) Performance under 
Contracts. Each Seller will perform all of its obligations under the 
Contracts generated by it to the same extent as if the Receivables had not 
been sold or contributed, as applicable, hereunder and the exercise by 
Buyer, Servicer, any of the Agents or any designee of the foregoing of its 
rights hereunder or under the Credit and Security Agreement shall not 
relieve such Seller from such obligations. 20 Section 6.3 Further Action 
Evidencing Purchases. (a) Each Seller agrees that from time to time, at its 
expense, it will promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and 
documents, and take all further action that the Buyer may reasonably 
request in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the Buyer's 
ownership of the Receivables generated by such Seller (and the Related 
Security) purchased by the Buyer hereunder, or to enable the Buyer to 
exercise or enforce any of its rights hereunder or under any other 
Transaction Document. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
upon the request of the Buyer, each Seller will: (i) Execute and file such 
financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto or assignments 
thereof, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or 
appropriate; and (ii) Mark the summary aged trial balance report with the 
legend set forth in Section 3.1(i). (b) Each Seller hereby authorizes the 
Buyer or its designee to file one or more financing or continuation 
statements, and amendments thereto and assignment thereof, relative to all 
or any of the Receivables (and the Related Security) now existing or 
hereafter sold by such Seller. If such Seller fails to perform any of its 
agreements or obligations under this Agreement, the Buyer or its designee 
may (but shall not be required to) itself perform, or cause performance of, 
such agreement or obligation, and the expenses of the Buyer or its designee 
incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by such Seller. (c) 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Seller will, not 
earlier than six months and not later than three months prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the date of filing of the financing statements filed in 
connection with its Applicable Closing Date or any other financing 
statement filed pursuant to this Agreement, if the Final Payout Date shall 
not have occurred: (i) execute (if required) and deliver and file or cause 
to be filed appropriate continuation statements; and (ii) deliver or cause 
to be delivered to Agent an opinion of Shearman & Sterling (or other 
counsel for such Seller reasonably satisfactory to Buyer), in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Buyer, confirming and updating the 
opinion delivered in connection with such Applicable Closing Date relating 
to the validity, perfection and priority of Buyer's interests in the 
Receivables. Section 6.4 Application of Collections. Except as otherwise 
specified by such Obligor or required by the underlying Contract or law: 
any payment by an Obligor in respect of any indebtedness owed by it to such 
Seller or to the Buyer shall be applied FIRST, as a Collection of any 
Receivable or Receivables then outstanding of such Obligor in the order of 
the age of such Receivables, starting with the oldest of such Receivables 
(unless another reasonable basis for allocation of such payments to the 
Receivables of such Obligor exists), and SECOND, to any other indebtedness 
of such Obligor. ARTICLE VII. INDEMNIFICATION Section 7.1 Indemnities by 
the Sellers. Without limiting any other rights which any such Person may 
have hereunder or under applicable law, each of the Sellers hereby agrees 
to indemnify the Buyer, its assigns, and each of their respective 
Affiliates, and all 21 successors, transferees, participants and assigns 
and all officers, directors, shareholders, members, controlling persons, 
employees and agents (each, a "SELLER INDEMNIFIED PARTY"), forthwith on 
demand, from and against any and all damages, taxes, losses, claims, 
liabilities and reasonable related out-of-pocket costs and expenses, 
including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements (all of the 
foregoing being collectively referred to as "SELLER INDEMNIFIED AMOUNTS") 
awarded against or incurred by any of them arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents to which such Seller 
is a party, the Receivables and Related Security, and/or the actions of 
such Seller, excluding, however, (i) Seller Indemnified Amounts to the 
extent determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted 
from bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of such 
Seller Indemnified Party, (ii) taxes imposed by the jurisdiction in which 
such Seller Indemnified Party's principal executive office is located, on 
or measured by the overall net income of such Seller Indemnified Party; and 
(iii) recourse (except as otherwise specifically provided in this 
Agreement) for Seller Indemnified Amounts to the extent the same includes 
losses in respect of Receivables that were Eligible Receivables on the date 
such Receivables were purchased by Buyer hereunder but which prove to be 
uncollectible on account of the insolvency, bankruptcy or lack of 
creditworthiness of the related Obligor. Without limiting the foregoing, 
each of the Sellers shall indemnify each Seller Indemnified Party for 
Seller Indemnified Amounts arising out of or relating to: (A) the creation 
of any Lien on, or transfer by such Seller of any interest in, its 
Receivables and Related Security other than (1) the sales and contributions 
of Receivables and Related Security pursuant hereto, and (2) the Lien 
granted by the Buyer pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement; (B) any 
representation or warranty made by such Seller (or any of its officers) 
under or in connection with any Transaction Document or any Purchase Report 
delivered by (or on behalf of) such Seller pursuant hereto, which shall 
have been false, incorrect or misleading in any respect when made or deemed 
made or delivered, as the case may be (regardless of whether the breach of 
such representation or warranty is material); (C) the failure by such 
Seller to comply with the terms of any Transaction Document or any 
applicable law, rule or regulation with respect to any of its Receivables 
or the related Contracts or Invoices, or the nonconformity of any of such 
Seller's Receivables or the related Contracts or Invoices with any such 
applicable law, rule or regulation; (D) the failure to vest and maintain 
vested in the Buyer, a valid and perfected ownership interest in the 
Receivables and Related Security sold or contributed by such Seller 
hereunder, free and clear of any other Lien, other than a Lien arising 
solely as a result of the Buyer, now or at any time thereafter; (E) 
[Intentionally Deleted]; (F) any dispute, claim, offset or defense of the 
Obligor to the payment of any Receivable originated by such Seller 
(including, without limitation, a 22 defense based on such Receivable or 
the related Contract or Invoice not being a legal, valid and binding 
obligation of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its 
terms), or any other claim resulting from the sale of the services related 
to such Receivable or the furnishing or failure to furnish such services 
(provided that this clause (F) shall not be applied to provide credit 
recourse in respect of the portion of the Outstanding Balance of any 
Receivable which has been discharged in the bankruptcy of the Obligor 
thereon); (G) any matter described in Section 1.4; (H) any failure of such 
Seller to perform its duties or obligations in accordance with the 
provisions of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party; (I) any claim relating to a breach by such Seller of any 
related Contract or Invoice with respect to any Receivable; (J) any sales 
or use tax payable in connection with the transactions giving rise to any 
Receivable originated by such Seller, and any documentary stamp taxes or 
recording taxes associated with the perfection of the Buyer's ownership in 
the Receivables and Related Security; (K) the commingling by such Seller of 
Collections of Receivables at any time with other funds; (L) any 
investigation, litigation or proceeding related to or arising from this 
Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which such Seller is a 
party, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, the use of the 
proceeds of any sale, the Buyer's ownership interest in the Receivables and 
Related Security originated by such Seller or any other investigation, 
litigation or proceeding relating to such Seller or the Receivables and 
Related Security originated by it in which any Seller Indemnified Party 
becomes involved as a result of any of the transactions contemplated hereby 
or thereby; (M) any products or professional liability, personal injury or 
damage suit, or other similar claim arising out of or in connection with 
merchandise, insurance or services that are the subject of any Contract or 
Invoice or any Receivable originated by such Seller; (N) any inability to 
litigate any claim against any Obligor in respect of any Receivable 
originated by such Seller as a result of such Obligor being immune from 
civil and commercial law and suit on the grounds of sovereignty or 
otherwise from any legal action, suit or proceeding; or (O) the occurrence 
of any Event of Bankruptcy with respect to such Seller or BSX. 23 In 
addition to BSX's obligations under the foregoing indemnity with respect to 
itself as a Seller and the Receivables originated by it, BSX hereby agrees 
to be jointly and severally liable with each other Seller for such other 
Seller's indemnity obligations set forth above. Section 7.2 Contribution. 
If for any reason the indemnification provided above in Section 7.1 is 
unavailable to a Seller Indemnified Party or is insufficient to hold a 
Seller Indemnified Party harmless, then the applicable Seller(s) shall 
contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Seller Indemnified Party 
as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as 
is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by such 
Seller Indemnified Party on the one hand and the applicable Seller(s) on 
the other hand but also the relative fault of such Seller Indemnified Party 
as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. ARTICLE VIII. 
MISCELLANEOUS Section 8.1 Waivers and Amendments. The provisions of this 
Agreement may from time to time be amended, restated, otherwise modified or 
waived, if such amendment, modification or waiver is in writing and 
consented to by each Seller, the Buyer, the Agents and the Servicer (if the 
Servicer is not a Seller). No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer, 
the Servicer, any Seller or any third party beneficiary in exercising any 
power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any 
single or partial exercise of any such power or right preclude any other or 
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power or right. No 
notice to or demand on the Buyer, the Servicer or any Seller in any case 
shall entitle it to any notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. 
No waiver or approval by the Buyer or the Servicer under this Agreement 
shall, except as may otherwise be stated in such waiver or approval, be 
applicable to subsequent transactions. No waiver or approval under this 
Agreement shall require any similar or dissimilar waiver or approval 
thereafter to be granted hereunder. Section 8.2 Notices, Etc. All notices 
and other communications provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise 
stated herein, be in writing (including facsimile communication) and shall 
be personally delivered or sent by express mail or courier or by certified 
mail, postage-prepaid, or by facsimile, to the intended party (a) in the 
case of any Seller, in care of BSX at the address or facsimile number of 
the initial Servicer set forth on Schedule 14.2 of the Credit and Security 
Agreement, and (b) in the case of Buyer, at the address or facsimile number 
of the Borrower set forth on Schedule 14.2 of the Credit and Security 
Agreement, or at such other address or facsimile number as shall be 
designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. 
All such notices and communications shall be effective, (i) if personally 
delivered or sent by express mail or courier or if sent by certified mail, 
when received, and (ii) if transmitted by facsimile, when sent, receipt 
confirmed by telephone or electronic means. Section 8.3 Cumulative 
Remedies. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of 
any remedies provided by law. No failure on the part of Buyer or any Seller 
Indemnified Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power 
or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single 
or partial exercise of any 24 right, power or remedy hereunder preclude any 
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power 
or remedy. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not 
exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. Any waiver of this 
Agreement shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the 
specific purpose for which given. Without limiting the foregoing, each of 
the Seller Indemnified Parties is hereby authorized at any time and from 
time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply 
any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or 
final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such 
Seller Indemnified Party to or for the credit to the account of any Seller, 
now or hereafter existing under this Agreement, against any Seller 
Indemnified Amounts owing to such Seller Indemnified Party hereunder. 
Section 8.4 Binding Effect; Assignability. This Agreement shall be binding 
upon and inure to the benefit of the Buyer, each Seller and their 
respective successors and permitted assigns. Except as permitted in Section 
4.3(h), no Seller may assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein 
without the prior written consent of the Buyer and each of the Agents; 
subject to Section 8.11, the Buyer may not assign its rights hereunder or 
any interest herein except to the Administrative Agent, in each of the 
foregoing cases, without the prior written consent of each of the Sellers 
and the Agents. This Agreement shall create and constitute the continuing 
obligations of the parties hereto in accordance with its terms, and shall 
remain in full force and effect as to each Seller until the date after such 
Seller's Sale Termination Date on which such Seller has received 
indefeasible payment in full for all Receivables and Related Security 
conveyed by it to the Buyer hereunder and shall have paid and performed all 
of its obligations hereunder in full. The rights and remedies with respect 
to any breach of any representation and warranty made by any Seller 
pursuant to Article II and the indemnification and payment provisions of 
Article VII and Section 8.6 shall be continuing and shall survive any 
termination of this Agreement. Section 8.5 Governing Law. EACH TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF 
THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF 
LAWS THEREOF OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW 
(EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, TO THE EXTENT 
OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY STATED THEREIN) AND EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE 
PERFECTION OF THE OWNERSHIP INTERESTS OR SECURITY INTERESTS OF THE BUYER OR 
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ON BEHALF OF THE SECURED PARTIES, IN ANY 
COLLATERAL IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE 
OF NEW YORK. Section 8.6 Costs, Expenses and Taxes. In addition to the 
obligations of each Seller under Article VII, each of the Sellers agrees to 
pay on demand: (a) all reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys' 
fees, in connection with the enforcement against such Seller of this 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents executed by such Seller; and 
(b) all stamp duties and other similar filing or recording taxes and fees 
payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution, 
delivery, filing and 25 recording of this Agreement or the other 
Transaction Documents, and agrees to indemnify each Seller Indemnified 
Party against any liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay 
in paying or omission to pay such taxes and fees. Section 8.7 Submission to 
Jurisdiction. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY (a) SUBMITS TO THE 
NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY NEW YORK STATE OR UNITED STATES FEDERAL 
COURT SITTING IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, OVER ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING 
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY TRANSACTION DOCUMENT; (b) AGREES THAT ALL 
CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED 
IN SUCH STATE OR UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURT; (c) WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST 
EXTENT IT MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN 
INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING; (d) 
CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES OF SUCH PROCESS TO SUCH PERSON AT ITS 
ADDRESS SPECIFIED IN SECTION 8.2; AND (e) TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, 
AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE 
CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE 
JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 
8.7 SHALL AFFECT BUYER'S RIGHT TO SERVE LEGAL PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER 
PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST ANY SELLER OR 
ITS PROPERTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. Section 8.8 Waiver of 
Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY 
IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR UNDER ANY AMENDMENT, 
INSTRUMENT, JOINDER AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH MAY IN THE 
FUTURE BE DELIVERED BY IT OR ON ITS BEHALF IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR 
ARISING FROM ANY RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR 
ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY. Section 8.9 
Captions and Cross References; Incorporation by Reference. The various 
captions (including, without limitation, the table of contents) in this 
Agreement are included for convenience only and shall not affect the 
meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. References in 
this Agreement to any underscored Section or Exhibit are to such Section or 
Exhibit of this Agreement, as the case may be. The Exhibits hereto are 
hereby incorporated by reference into and made a part of this Agreement. 
Section 8.10 Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in 
any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate 
counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original 
and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same 
agreement. 26 Section 8.11 Acknowledgment and Agreement. By execution 
below, each Seller expressly acknowledges and agrees that all of the 
Buyer's rights, title, and interests in, to, and under this Agreement shall 
be pledged and/or collaterally assigned by the Buyer to the Administrative 
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to the Credit and 
Security Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may further assign such 
rights in accordance with the Credit and Security Agreement), and each 
Seller consents to such assignment. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges 
and agrees that the Agents and the Lenders are third party beneficiaries of 
the rights of the Buyer arising hereunder and under the other Transaction 
Documents to which any Seller is a party. Section 8.12 No Proceedings. Each 
Seller agrees that it shall not institute against the Buyer or any Conduit, 
or join any other Person in instituting against the Buyer or any Conduit, 
any insolvency proceeding (namely, any proceeding of the type referred to 
in the definition of Event of Bankruptcy) as long as there shall not have 
elapsed one year plus one day after (i) the Final Payout Date, in the case 
of the Buyer and (ii) all outstanding senior indebtedness of such Conduit 
shall have been paid in full. The foregoing shall not limit any Seller's 
right to file any claim in or otherwise take any action with respect to any 
insolvency proceeding that was instituted by any Person other than a 
Seller. Section 8.13 Confidentiality. Each party hereto agrees to comply 
with the confidentiality provisions of Section 14.5 of the Credit and 
Security Agreement with the same force and effect as if it were a direct 
party thereto. Section 8.14 Loans by Buyer to Originator. Buyer may make 
Demand Advances to BSX from time to time to the extent provided in, and in 
accordance with the terms of, the Credit and Security Agreement. Section 
8.15 No Recourse Against Other Parties. No recourse under any obligation, 
covenant or agreement of any party contained in this Agreement shall be had 
against any stockholder, employee, officer, director, incorporator or 
organizer of such Party, provided, however, that nothing in this Section 
8.15 shall relieve any of the foregoing Persons from any liability which 
such Person may otherwise have for its gross negligence or willful 
misconduct. [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 27 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties 
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date 
first above written. BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORPORATION By: 
_________________________ Name: Milan Kofol Title: Vice President, 
Treasurer BOSTON SCIENTIFIC FUNDING LLC By: _________________________ Name: 
Milan Kofol Title: Treasurer 28 ANNEX A DEFINITIONS A. INCORPORATION OF 
CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT DEFINITIONS. Unless otherwise defined herein, 
terms that are capitalized and used in this Agreement are used as defined 
in the Credit and Security Agreement described in the preamble to this 
Agreement. B. CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS. The following terms have the 
respective meanings indicated herein below: "APPLICABLE CLOSING DATE" means 
(i) with respect to the Original Seller, the Initial Closing Date, and (ii) 
with respect to each New Seller, its New Seller Closing Date. "APPLICABLE 
CUT-OFF DATE" means (i) with respect to the Original Seller, the Initial 
Cut-Off Date, (ii) with respect to each New Seller, its New Seller Cut-Off 
Date, and (iii) with respect to all Sellers, each Cut-Off Date after the 
applicable date in the preceding clause (i) or clause (ii). "AVAILABLE 
FUNDS" means, on any date of determination, monies then held by or on 
behalf of the Buyer after deduction of (a) all Obligations, if any, that 
are due and owing under the Credit and Security Agreement, (b) all 
Servicer's Fees that are then due and owing, and (c) in the Buyer's 
discretion, the accrued and unpaid portion of all current expenses of the 
Buyer (whether or not then due and owing), in each of the foregoing cases, 
whether or not the same have actually been paid as of the time of 
determination. "BUYER" has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 
"COLLECTIONS" means, with respect to any Receivable, all funds which are 
received from or on behalf of any related Obligor in payment of any amounts 
owed (including, without limitation, purchase prices, finance charges, 
interest and all other charges) in respect of such Receivable, or applied 
to such amounts owed by such Obligor (including, without limitation, 
payments that the Buyer, the applicable Seller or the Servicer receives 
from third party payors and applies in the ordinary course of its business 
to amounts owed in respect of such Receivable and net proceeds of sale or 
other disposition of repossessed goods or other collateral or property of 
the Obligor or any other party directly or indirectly liable for payment of 
such Receivable and available to be applied thereon). "COMMONLY CONTROLLED 
ENTITY" means, an entity, whether or not incorporated, which is under 
common control with a Seller within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA or 
is part of a group which includes a Seller and which is treated as a single 
employer under Section 414 of the Code. "CONTRACT" means, with respect to 
any Receivable, any requisition, purchase order, agreement, contract, 
Invoice or other writing with respect to the provision of services by a 
Seller to an Obligor. 29 "CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION" means, as to any Person, 
any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, 
instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which 
it or any of its property is bound. "CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT" has the 
meaning set forth in the recitals. "DISCOUNT FACTOR" means a percentage 
calculated to provide the Buyer with a reasonable return on its investment 
in the Receivables acquired from each Seller after taking account of (i) 
the time value of money based upon the anticipated dates of collection of 
the Receivables and the cost to the Buyer of financing its investment in 
such Receivables during such period and (ii) the risk of nonpayment by the 
Obligors. Each Seller and the Buyer may agree from time to time to change 
the Discount Factor applicable to purchases from such Seller based on 
changes in one or more of the items affecting the calculation thereof, 
PROVIDED that any change to the Discount Factor shall take effect as of the 
commencement of a Calculation Period commencing no earlier than the last 
day of the current Calculation Period, and shall apply only prospectively. 
"EQUITY INTERESTS" means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, 
interests, participations or other equivalents, including membership 
interests (however designated, whether voting or non-voting), of capital of 
such Person, including, if such Person is a partnership, partnership 
interests (whether general or limited) and any other interest or 
participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the 
profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, such partnership, 
whether outstanding on the date hereof or issued after the date of this 
Agreement. "ERISA" means, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended from time to time. "EXCLUDED RECEIVABLES" means any 
Receivable originated by a Person with whom any Seller merges or 
consolidates, prior to the latest to occur of (i) the approval , in 
writing, by each of the Co-Agents of such Receivables and (ii) the 
integration by such Seller of the Receivables into the software systems 
used by such Seller to administer its Receivables, which integration shall 
occur not later than 120 days after the completion of such merger or 
consolidation. "GAAP" means, generally accepted accounting principles in 
the United States of America consistent with those utilized in preparing 
the audited financial statements referred to in Section 2.1(a). 
"GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY" means, any nation or government, any state or 
other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, 
legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or 
pertaining to government. "GUARANTEE OBLIGATION" means, as to any Person 
(the "GUARANTEEING PERSON"), any obligation of (a) the guaranteeing person 
or (b) another Person (including, without limitation, any bank under any 
letter of credit) as to which the guaranteeing person has issued a 
reimbursement, counterindemnity or similar obligation, in either case 
guaranteeing or in effect guaranteeing any Indebtedness, leases, dividends 
or other obligations (the "PRIMARY 30 OBLIGATIONS") of any other unrelated 
third Person (the "PRIMARY OBLIGOR") in any manner, whether directly or 
indirectly, including, without limitation, any obligation of the 
guaranteeing person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such 
primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security 
therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (1) for the purchase or payment 
of any such primary obligation or (2) to maintain working capital or equity 
capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or 
solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or 
services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such 
primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of 
such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the 
owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; 
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the term Guarantee Obligation shall not include 
endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary 
course of business. The amount of any Guarantee Obligation of any 
guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the lower of (a) an amount equal 
to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect 
of which such Guarantee Obligation is made and (b) the maximum amount for 
which such guaranteeing person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the 
instrument embodying such Guarantee Obligation, unless such primary 
obligation and the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be 
liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of such 
Guarantee Obligation shall be such guaranteeing person's reasonably 
anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by BSX in good 
faith. "INDEBTEDNESS" means, of any Person at any date, without 
duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) 
all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property 
or services (other than current trade liabilities incurred in the ordinary 
course of such Person's business and payable in accordance with customary 
practices and earn-outs and other similar obligations in respect of 
acquisition and other similar agreements), (c) all obligations of such 
Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, 
(d) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other 
title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person 
(even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such 
agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of 
such property), (e) all capital lease obligations of such Person, (f) all 
obligations of such Person, contingent or otherwise, as an account party or 
applicant under or in respect of acceptances, letters of credit, surety 
bonds or similar arrangements, (g) the liquidation value of all redeemable 
preferred Equity Interests of such Person, (h) all Guarantee Obligations of 
such Person in respect of obligations of the kind referred to in clauses 
(a) through (g) above, (i) all obligations of the kind referred to in 
clauses (a) through (h) above secured by (or for which the holder of such 
obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured 
by) any Lien on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by 
such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for 
the payment of such obligation, and (j) net liabilities under interest rate 
swap, exchange or cap agreements. The Indebtedness of any Person shall 
include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in 
which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable 
therefor as a result of such Person's ownership interest in or other 
relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such 
Indebtedness expressly provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 
"INITIAL CLOSING DATE" means the date on which the initial Advance was made 
under the Original Agreement. 31 "INITIAL CUT-OFF DATE" means the Cut-Off 
Date immediately preceding the Initial Closing Date. "INITIAL CONTRIBUTED 
RECEIVABLES" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1. "INVOICE" means, 
with respect to any Receivable, any paper or electronic bill, statement or 
invoice for services rendered by a Seller to an Obligor. "JOINDER 
AGREEMENT" has the meaning set forth in the preamble. "MATERIAL 
ACQUISITION" has the meaning set forth in the Credit and Security 
Agreement. "MULTIEMPLOYER PLAN" means, a Plan which is a multiemployer plan 
as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. "NEW SELLER" means any direct or 
indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of BSX that hereafter becomes a Seller 
under this Agreement by executing a Joinder Agreement and complying with 
the provisions of Article V hereof. "NEW SELLER CLOSING DATE" means, as to 
any New Seller, the Business Day on which each of the conditions set forth 
in Article V has been satisfied. "NEW SELLER CUT-OFF DATE" means, with 
respect to each New Seller, the Cut-Off Date immediately preceding its New 
Seller Closing Date. "ORIGINAL RSA" has the meaning set forth in the first 
WHEREAS clause. "ORIGINAL SELLER" means Boston Scientific Corporation, a 
Delaware corporation. "PBGC" means, the Pension Benefit Guaranty 
Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA. 
"PERSON" means, an individual, partnership, corporation, business trust, 
joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, 
Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature. "PLAN" means, at 
a particular time, any employee benefit plan which is covered by ERISA and 
in respect of which a Seller or a Commonly Controlled Entity is (or, if 
such plan were terminated at such time, would under Section 4069 of ERISA 
be deemed to be) an "employer" as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
"PURCHASE PRICE" means, with respect to any purchase of Receivables and 
their Related Security from a Seller on any date, the aggregate price to be 
paid therefor by the Buyer to the applicable Seller in accordance with 
Section 1.3 of this Agreement on such date, which price shall equal (i) the 
product of (x) the Outstanding Balance of such Receivables as of the 
Applicable Cut-Off Date, multiplied by (y) one minus the Discount Factor 
then in effect, minus 32 (ii) any Purchase Price Credits to be credited 
against the Purchase Price otherwise payable in accordance with Section 1.4 
of the Agreement. "PURCHASE PRICE CREDIT" shall have the meaning provided 
in Section 1.4 hereof. "PURCHASE REPORT" shall have the meaning provided in 
Section 1.3(c) hereof. "RECEIVABLE" means any right to payment arising from 
the sale to any Domestic Person of medical products, devices or services by 
a Seller, including, without limitation, the right to payment of any 
interest or finance charges and other amounts with respect thereto, other 
than Excluded Receivables. Rights to payment arising from any one 
transaction, including, without limitation, rights to payment represented 
by an individual invoice, shall constitute a Receivable separate from a 
Receivable consisting of the rights to payment arising from any other 
transaction. "RECORDS" means, collectively, all Invoices and all other 
documents, books, records and other information (including, without 
limitation, computer programs, tapes, disks, punch cards, data processing 
software and related property and rights) relating to any Receivable, 
Related Security and/or Obligor other than (i) any Contract related 
thereto, and (ii) any confidential patient information including, without 
limitation, test results. "RELATED SECURITY" means, collectively, all of 
the following with respect to each Receivable: (a) all Contracts (PROVIDED, 
HOWEVER, that to the extent that any Contract includes a prohibition on 
assignment, such interest shall be limited to a security interest in the 
applicable Seller's right to receive payment thereunder to the extent 
contemplated by Sections 9-406 and 9-408 (as applicable) of the UCC of the 
applicable jurisdiction); (b) all right, title and interest in and to the 
following: (i) all Collections; (ii) all Records; (iii) all Collection 
Accounts and all cash, balances and instruments therein from time to time 
therein; (iv) all right, title and interest in and to (A) the goods 
(including returned or repossessed goods), if any, the sale of which by a 
Seller gave rise to such Receivable and all insurance contracts with 
respect thereto, (B) all security deposits and other security interests or 
liens and property subject thereto from time to time purporting to secure 
payment of such Receivable, whether pursuant to the Contract related to 
such Receivable or otherwise, (C) all UCC financing statements covering any 
collateral securing payment of such Receivable, and (D) all guarantees and 
other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time 
supporting or securing payment of such Receivable whether pursuant to the 
Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise; and (c) all proceeds and 
insurance proceeds of the foregoing. "REPORTABLE EVENT" means, any of the 
events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than those events as to 
which the thirty day notice period is waived under subsections .27, .28, 
.29, .30, .31, .32, .34 or .35 of PBGC Reg. ss. 4043. "REQUIRED CAPITAL 
AMOUNT" means $2,180,000. 33 "RESPONSIBLE OFFICER" means, with respect to 
each Seller, any of its chief executive officer, president, vice 
president-finance, treasurer or secretary, acting singly. "SALE TERMINATION 
DATE" means, as to any Seller, the earliest to occur of the following: (i) 
the date designated by such Seller to the Buyer upon not less than 15 
Business Days' prior written notice, (ii) the date on which an Event of 
Bankruptcy occurs with respect to such Seller; (iii) the date on which such 
Seller is unable to satisfy the applicable conditions precedent to each 
purchase set forth in Article III hereof; (iv) the date on which a Change 
in Control occurs with respect to BSX, the Buyer or such Seller; and (v) 
the occurrence of the Termination Date under clause (a) or (b) of the 
definition of such term in the Credit and Security Agreement. "SELLER" 
means an Original Seller or a New Seller. "SELLER INDEMNIFIED AMOUNTS" 
shall have the meaning provided in Section 7.1 hereof. "SELLER INDEMNIFIED 
PARTY" shall have the meaning provided in Section 7.1 hereof. "SELLER 
MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means, with respect to any Seller, a material 
adverse effect on (i) the financial condition or operations of BSX and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of such Seller to perform 
its obligations under this Agreement, (iii) the legality, validity or 
enforceability of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (iv) 
the Buyer's ownership interest in the Receivables acquired from such Seller 
generally or in any material portion of such Receivables or the proceeds 
thereof, or (v) the collectibility of the Receivables acquired from such 
Seller generally or of any material portion of such Receivables. "SINGLE 
EMPLOYER PLAN" means, any Plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA, but 
which is not a Multiemployer Plan. "SUBORDINATED LOAN" means a subordinated 
revolving loan from a Seller to the Buyer which is evidenced by a 
Subordinated Note. "SUBORDINATED NOTE" means a subordinated promissory note 
in the form of Exhibit B hereto issued by the Buyer to a Seller, as it may 
be amended, supplemented, endorsed or otherwise modified from time to time 
in substitution therefor or renewal thereof in accordance with the 
Transaction Documents. 34 THE FOREGOING DEFINITIONS SHALL BE EQUALLY 
APPLICABLE TO BOTH THE SINGULAR AND PLURAL FORMS OF THE DEFINED TERMS. B. 
OTHER INTERPRETIVE MATTERS. All accounting terms defined directly or by 
incorporation in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents shall 
have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document 
delivered pursuant thereto unless otherwise defined therein. For purposes 
of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and all such 
certificates and other documents, unless the context otherwise requires: 
(a) accounting terms not otherwise defined in such agreement, and 
accounting terms partly defined in such agreement to the extent not 
defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under generally 
accepted accounting principles; (b) terms defined in Article 9 of the UCC 
and not otherwise defined in such agreement are used as defined in such 
Article; (c) references to any amount as on deposit or outstanding on any 
particular date means such amount at the close of business on such day; (d) 
the words "hereof," "herein" and "hereunder" and words of similar import 
refer to such agreement (or the certificate or other document in which they 
are used) as a whole and not to any particular provision of such agreement 
(or such certificate or document); (e) references to any Section, Schedule 
or Exhibit are references to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits in or to such 
agreement (or the certificate or other document in which the reference is 
made), and references to any paragraph, subsection, clause or other 
subdivision within any Section or definition refer to such paragraph, 
subsection, clause or other subdivision of such Section or definition; (f) 
the term "including" means "including without limitation"; (g) references 
to any law refer to that law as amended from time to time and include any 
successor law; (h) references to any agreement refer to that agreement as 
from time to time amended or supplemented or as the terms of such agreement 
are waived or modified in accordance with its terms; (i) references to any 
Person include that Person's successors and assigns; (j) headings are for 
purposes of reference only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or 
interpretation of any provision hereof; (k) unless otherwise provided, in 
the calculation of time from a specified date to a later specified date, 
the term "from" means "from and including", and the terms "to" and "until" 
each means "to but excluding"; (l) terms in one gender include the parallel 
terms in the neuter and opposite gender; and (m) the preamble and recitals 
shall constitute a part of this Agreement. 35 EXHIBIT A PURCHASE REPORT OF 
[INSERT SELLER NAME], AS SELLER FOR THE CALCULATION PERIOD BEGINNING [DATE] 
AND ENDING [DATE] -------
TO: THE BUYER AND THE AGENTS 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- Aggregate 
Outstanding Balance of all Receivables sold by Seller during the period: A 
$_____________ --------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- Aggregate 
Outstanding Balance of all Receivables sold during such period which were 
not Eligible Receivables on the date when sold ("INELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES"): 
($____________) (B) 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- EQUALS: 
Aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables sold during the 
period (A - B): $___________ =C 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- Aggregate 
Outstanding Balance of all Receivables (if any) contributed during the 
period: D $_____________ 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- Aggregate 
Outstanding Balance of all Receivables (if any) contributed during such 
period which were not Eligible Receivables on the date when sold: 
($____________) (E) 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- EQUALS: 
Aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables (if any) 
contributed during the period (D - E): $___________ =F 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- The amount 
specified in Line F $_____________ G MULTIPLIED BY: One minus the Discount 
Factor then in effect: ($____________) (H) 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- EQUALS: Gross 
amount payable during the period with respect to such Eligible Receivables 
(G - H) $____________ =I 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- The amount 
specified in Line E $____________ J MULTIPLIED BY: One minus the Discount 
Factor then in effect: ($____________) (K) 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- EQUALS: Gross 
amount payable during the period with respect to such Ineligible 
Receivables (J - K) $____________ =L 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- SUM OF (I) + 
(L) $____________ M 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- LESS: Total 
Purchase Price Credits arising during the (N) Period: ($____________) 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- 36
EQUALS: Purchase Price payable during the Period (M - N): $____________ =O 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- LESS: Cash 
Purchase Price Paid to Seller during the P Period: $_____________ 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- LESS: 
Subordinated Loans made by Seller during the Q Period: $_____________ 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- EQUALS: 
Purchase Price owed to BSX for the period (O - P - Q): $_____________ =S 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- LESS: Demand 
Advances made by Borrower to BSX during T the Period: ($____________) 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- PLUS: Demand 
Advances re-paid to Borrower by BSX U during the Period: $_____________ 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- EQUALS: Cash 
to be paid by Borrower to BSX V $____________ 
--------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------- ----------------------- --------- 37 EXHIBIT B 
SUBORDINATED NOTE (NON-NEGOTIABLE) [Date] FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the 
undersigned, Boston Scientific Funding LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (the "BUYER"), promises to pay to _______________, a _____________ 
(the "SELLER"), to the extent of the Buyer's Available Funds and on the 
terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth herein and in 
the Sale Agreement referred to below, the principal sum of the aggregate 
unpaid Purchase Price of all Receivables purchased from time to time by the 
Buyer from the Seller pursuant to such Sale Agreement, as such unpaid 
Purchase Price is shown in the records of the Seller. 1. Sale Agreement. 
This promissory note (this "SUBORDINATED NOTE") is one of the Subordinated 
Notes described in, and is subject to the terms and conditions set forth 
in, that certain Receivables Sale Agreement dated as of August 16, 2002 (as 
the same may be amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the "SALE 
AGREEMENT"), by and between the Seller and certain of its affiliates and 
the Buyer. Reference is hereby made to the Sale Agreement for a statement 
of certain other rights and obligations of the Seller and the Buyer. 2. 
Definitions. Capitalized terms used (but not defined) herein have the 
meanings attributed thereto in the Sale Agreement or, to the extent not 
defined therein, in the Credit and Security Agreement dated as of August 
16, 2002, among Boston Scientific Corporation, as initial Servicer, the 
Buyer, as borrower, Blue Ridge Asset Funding Corporation, Victory 
Receivables Corporation, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd., New York 
Branch, individually and as Victory Agent, and Wachovia Bank, National 
Association, individually, as Blue Ridge Agent and as Administrative Agent 
(as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the "CREDIT 
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT"). In addition, as used herein, the following terms 
have the following meanings: "BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS": As defined in clause 
(b) of paragraph 9 hereof. "BLOOMBERG CP RATE": For each day in a calendar 
month, the rate PER ANNUM determined on the CD equivalent yield basis equal 
to the composite broker/dealer offered rate for 30-day "A1/P1/F1" rated 
U.S. asset-backed commercial paper, which rate appears on a Bloomberg L.P. 
terminal, displayed under the address "ACPB030Y (Index) (Go)" effective as 
of 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the first Business Day of such month, 
PROVIDED THAT if no such offered rates appear on such page, the Bloomberg 
CP Rate for such month will be the arithmetic average (rounded upwards, if 
necessary, to the next higher 1/100th of 1%) of CP Rates being paid by the 
Buyer under the Credit and Security Agreement as of the first Business Day 
of such month. 38 "FINAL MATURITY DATE": The forty-fifth (45th) day 
following the Final Payout Date. "SENIOR INTEREST": All Obligations (under 
and as defined in the Credit and Security Agreement). "SENIOR INTEREST 
HOLDERS": Collectively, the Agents, the Lenders, the other Affected Parties 
and the Indemnified Parties. 3. Interest. Prior to the Final Payout Date, 
the aggregate unpaid Purchase Price owing to the Seller under the Sale 
Agreement from time to time outstanding shall bear interest at a rate per 
annum equal to the sum of the Bloomberg CP Rate plus 1%, and from (and 
including) the Final Payout Date to (but excluding) the date on which the 
entire aggregate unpaid Purchase Price owing to the Seller under the Sale 
Agreement is fully paid, the aggregate unpaid Purchase Price owing to the 
Seller under the Sale Agreement from time to time outstanding shall bear 
interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Bloomberg CP Rate plus 
2%; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in no event in excess of the maximum rate 
permitted by law. In the event that, contrary to the intent of the Seller 
and the Buyer, the Buyer pays interest hereunder and it is determined that 
such interest rate was in excess of the then legal maximum rate, then that 
portion of the interest payment representing an amount in excess of the 
then legal maximum rate shall be deemed a payment of principal and applied 
against the principal then due hereunder. 4. Interest Payment Dates. 
Subject to the provisions set forth below, the Buyer shall pay accrued 
interest on this Subordinated Note from Available Funds (a) on each 
Settlement Date, and (b) on the date of each principal payment made in cash 
on a date other than a Settlement Date. 5. Basis of Computation. Interest 
accrued hereunder shall be computed for the actual number of days elapsed 
on the basis of a 360-day year. 6. Principal Payment Dates. Subject to the 
provisions set forth below, payments of the principal amount of this 
Subordinated Note shall be made from Available Funds as follows: (a) The 
principal amount of this Subordinated Note shall be reduced from time to 
time in accordance with Section 1.3 of the Receivables Sale Agreement; (b) 
The entire remaining Outstanding Balance of this Subordinated Note shall be 
paid on the Final Maturity Date. Subject to the provisions set forth below, 
the principal amount of and accrued interest on this Subordinated Note may 
be prepaid from Available Funds on any Business Day prior to the Seller's 
Sale Termination Date without premium or penalty. 7. Payments. All payments 
of principal and interest hereunder are to be made in lawful money of the 
United States of America. 39 8. Enforcement Expenses. In addition to and 
not in limitation of the foregoing, but subject to the provisions set forth 
below and to any limitation imposed by applicable law, the Buyer agrees to 
pay all expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and legal expenses, 
incurred by the Seller in seeking to collect any amounts payable hereunder 
which are not paid when due. 9. Provisions Regarding Restrictions on 
Payment. The Buyer covenants and agrees, and the Seller, by its acceptance 
of this Subordinated Note, likewise covenants and agrees on behalf of 
itself and any holder of this Subordinated Note, that the payment of the 
principal amount of, and interest on, this Subordinated Note is hereby 
expressly subject to certain restrictions set forth in the following 
clauses of this paragraph 9: (a) No payment or other distribution of the 
Buyer's assets of any kind or character, whether in cash, securities, or 
other rights or property, shall be made on account of this Subordinated 
Note except to the extent such payment or other distribution is permitted 
under the Sale Agreement and the Credit and Security Agreement and is made 
from Available Funds; (b) In the event of (i) the occurrence of such 
Seller's Sale Termination Date, or (ii) any dissolution, winding up, 
liquidation, readjustment, reorganization or other similar event relating 
to the Buyer, whether voluntary or involuntary, partial or complete, and 
whether in bankruptcy, insolvency or receivership proceedings, or upon an 
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or any other marshaling of the 
assets and liabilities of the Buyer or any sale of all or substantially all 
of the assets of the Buyer (such proceedings being herein collectively 
called "BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS"), the Senior Interest shall first be paid 
and performed in full and in cash before the Seller will be entitled to 
receive and to retain any payment or distribution in respect to this 
Subordinated Note. In order to implement the foregoing, the Seller hereby 
irrevocably agrees that the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Seller 
or otherwise, may demand, sue for, collect, receive and receipt for any and 
all such payments or distributions, and file, prove and vote or consent in 
any such Bankruptcy Proceedings with respect to any and all claims of the 
Seller relating to this Subordinated Note, in each case until the Senior 
Interests shall have been paid and performed in full and in cash; (c) In 
the event that the Seller receives any payment or other distribution of any 
kind or character from the Buyer or from other source whatsoever, in 
respect of this Subordinated Note, other than as expressly permitted by the 
terms of this Subordinated Note, such payment or other distribution shall 
be received for the sole benefit of the Senior Interest Holders and shall 
be turned over by the Seller to the Administrative Agent (for the benefit 
of the Senior Interest Holders) forthwith; (d) Notwithstanding any payments 
or distributions received by the Senior Interest Holders in respect of this 
Subordinated Note, while any Bankruptcy Proceedings are pending, the Seller 
will not be subrogated to the then existing rights of the Senior Interest 
Holders in respect of the Senior Interests 40 until the Senior Interests 
have been paid and performed in full and in cash. Upon the occurrence of 
the Final Payout Date, the Seller will be subrogated to the then existing 
rights of the Senior Interest Holders, if any; (e) The provisions set forth 
in this Section 9 are intended solely for the purpose of defining the 
relative rights of the Seller, on the one hand, and the Senior Interest 
Holders, on the other hand. Nothing contained in this Subordinated Note is 
intended to or shall impair, as between the Buyer, its creditors (other 
than the Senior Interest Holders) and the Seller, the Buyer's obligation, 
which is unconditional and absolute, to pay the Seller the principal of and 
interest on this Subordinated Note as and when the same shall become due 
and payable in accordance with the terms hereof or to affect then relative 
rights of the Seller and creditors of the Buyer (other than the Senior 
Interest Holders); (f) The Seller will not, until the Senior Interests have 
been paid and performed in full and in cash, transfer, pledge or assign, or 
commence legal proceedings to enforce or collect this Subordinated Note or 
any rights in respect hereof; (g) The Seller will not, without the advance 
written consent of each of the Agents, commence, or join with any other 
Person in commencing, any Bankruptcy Proceedings with respect to the Buyer 
until at least one year and one day shall have passed since the Final 
Payout Date shall have occurred; (h) If, at any time, any payment (in whole 
or in part) of any Senior Interest is rescinded or must be restored or 
returned by a Senior Interest Holder (whether in connection with Bankruptcy 
Proceedings or otherwise), these provisions shall continue to be effective 
or shall be reinstated, as the case may be, as though such payment had not 
been made; (i) The Seller hereby waives; (i) notice of acceptance of these 
provisions by any of the Senior Interest Holders; (ii) notice of the 
existence, creation, non-payment or non-performance of all or any of the 
Senior Interests; and (iii) all diligence in enforcement, collection or 
protection of, or realization upon, the Senior Interests, or any thereof, 
or any security therefor; (j) These provisions constitute a continuing 
offer from the holder of this Subordinated Note to all Persons who become 
holders of, or who continue to hold, Senior Interests; and these provisions 
are made for the benefit of the Senior Interest Holders, and the 
Administrative Agent may proceed to enforce such provisions on behalf of 
each of such Persons. 10. General. (a) No failure or delay on the part of 
the Seller in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as a 
waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power 
or right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of 
any other power or right. No amendment, modification or waiver of, or 
consent with respect to, any 41 provision of this Subordinated Note shall 
in any event be effective unless (i) the same shall be in writing and 
signed and delivered by the Buyer and the Seller and (ii) all consent 
required for such actions under the Transaction Documents shall have been 
received by the appropriate Persons. (b) The Seller hereby agrees that it 
will not (i) institute against, join any other Person in instituting 
against or take any action, direct or indirect, in furtherance or 
contemplation of instituting against, the Buyer any bankruptcy, insolvency, 
winding up, dissolution, receivership, conservatorship or other similar 
proceeding or action or (ii) exercise any right of set-off or recoupment, 
or assert any counterclaim, against the Buyer, in each case so long as 
there shall not have elapsed one year and one day since the Final Payout 
Date has occurred. (c) The Seller expressly recognizes and agrees that the 
obligations represented by this Subordinated Note are not secured by any 
interest in any of the assets of the Buyer, including, without limitation, 
any Receivables or Related Security. 11. No Negotiation. This Subordinated 
Note is not negotiable and may not be pledged except to a Person who 
covenants in writing, with the Buyer and the Agents, that such Person will 
agree not to initiate or join any proceeding of the type described in 
Section 8.12 of the Sale Agreement. Any purported sale, transfer, 
assignment, pledge or negotiation of this Subordinated Note shall be void 
without the prior written consent of each of the Agents under the Credit 
and Security Agreement. 12. Governing Law. THIS PROMISSORY NOTE SHALL BE 
DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACT MADE UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF 
NEW YORK. 13. Captions. Paragraph captions used in this Subordinated Note 
are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation 
of any provision of this Subordinated Note. 14. Attached Schedule. The 
Seller is hereby authorized by the Buyer to endorse on the schedule 
attached to this Subordinated Note an appropriate notation evidencing the 
date and amount of each Subordinated Loan hereunder, as well as the date of 
each payment with respect thereto, PROVIDED that the failure to make such 
notation shall not affect any obligation of the Buyer hereunder. BOSTON 
SCIENTIFIC FUNDING LLC By: _____________________ Name: Title: 42 SCHEDULE 
TO SUBORDINATED NOTE OF BOSTON SCIENTIFIC FUNDING LLC ------------ 
---------------- ------------- ------------- ------------ AMOUNT OF AMOUNT 
OF UNPAID SUBORDINATED PRINCIPAL PRINCIPAL NOTATION DATE LOAN PAID BALANCE 
MADE BY ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ ------------ ---------------- ------------- ------------- 
------------ 43 EXHIBIT C CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICIES 44 EXHIBIT D FORM 
OF JOINDER AGREEMENT -------- JOINDER AGREEMENT THIS JOINDER AGREEMENT is 
executed and delivered by _______________________, a _______________ ("NEW 
SELLER") in favor of Boston Scientific Funding LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company, as purchaser (the "BUYER"), with respect to that certain 
Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement dated as of November 7, 
2007 by and between Boston Scientific Corporation and certain of its 
wholly-owned subsidiaries from time to time party thereto as "Sellers" and 
the Buyer (as amended, supplemented, joined, restated and/or otherwise 
modified from time to time, the "SALE AGREEMENT"). Capitalized terms used 
and not otherwise defined herein are used with the meanings attributed 
thereto in the Sale Agreement. Subject to receipt of counterparts hereof 
signed by the Administrative Agent and the Buyer, by its signature below, 
New Seller hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to become a party 
to the Sale Agreement as a Seller thereunder and to be bound by the 
provisions thereof, including, without limitation, the provisions of 
Section 8.12 thereof. Attached hereto [is/are] [an] amended and restated 
version[s] of [Exhibit C and] Schedule 2.1(r) to the Sale Agreement. After 
giving effect to the amendment[s] and restatement[s] embodied therein, each 
of the representations and warranties contained in Article II of the Sale 
Agreement will be true and correct as to New Seller. The "RESPONSIBLE 
OFFICERS" of the New Seller will be any of its __________, _________ or 
______________, acting singly. Delivered herewith are each of the 
documents, certificates and opinions required to be delivered by New Seller 
pursuant to Article V of the Sale Agreement. The provisions of Article VIII 
of the Sale Agreement are incorporated in this Joinder Agreement by this 
reference with the same force and effect as if set forth in full herein 
except that references in such Article VIII to "this Agreement" shall be 
deemed to refer to "this Joinder Agreement and to the Sale Agreement as 
modified by this Joinder Agreement." Please acknowledge your consent to New 
Seller's joinder in the Sale Agreement by signing the enclosed copy hereof 
in the appropriate space provided below and faxing a copy of such 
counterpart to (a) the Administrative Agent, at fax no. (302) 892-5904, 
Attention: Veronica Gallagher, and (b) to New Seller at the fax no. set 
forth below its signature hereto. 45 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, New Seller has 
executed this Joinder Agreement as of the ___ day of _______________. By: 
______________________________ Title: [Address for Notices, including fax 
no.] EACH OF THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CONSENTS TO NEW SELLER'S JOINDER IN THE 
SALE AGREEMENT: ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Administrative Agent By: 
________________________________ Title: BOSTON SCIENTIFIC FUNDING LLC, as 
Buyer By: ________________________________ Title: 46 SCHEDULE 2.1(R) 
SELLERS' ORGANIZATIONAL ID NUMBERS; JURISDICTIONS OF ORGANIZATION; CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE ADDRESSES; LOCATION(S) WHERE RECORDS ARE KEPT
------------------- ------------------ --------------------- 
--------------------- ------------------ -------------------------- LEGAL 
NAME PRIOR LEGAL ORGANIZATIONAL JURISDICTION CHIEF LOCATIONS OF RECORDS OF 
SELLER NAME, TRADE ID OF ORGANIZATION EXECUTIVE AND MATERIAL NAME OR OFFICE 
CONTRACTS ASSUMED NAME ------------------- ------------------ 
--------------------- --------------------- ------------------ 
-------------------------- Boston None 0874815 Delaware One Boston One 
Boston Scientific Scientific Scientific Place, Corporation Place, Natick, 
Natick, Massachusetts 01760 Massachusetts 01760 Maple Grove, Minnesota 
55311 500 Commander Shea Blvd., Quincy, Massachusetts 02171 
------------------- ------------------ --------------------- 
--------------------- ------------------ --------------------------