 EX-10.1 2 h51553exv10w1.htm FIFTH AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT


 

Exhibit 10.1


FIFTH AMENDMENT
TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

     THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment), dated as 
of November 6, 2007, is by and among CALUMET LUBRICANTS CO., LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP, an Indiana limited partnership (the Company), CALUMET 
SHREVEPORT, LLC, an Indiana limited liability company (Calumet Shreveport
), CALUMET SHREVEPORT LUBRICANTS & WAXES, LLC, an Indiana limited 
liability company (CSLW), CALUMET SHREVEPORT FUELS, LLC, an Indiana 
limited liability company (CSF), CALUMET SPECIALTY PRODUCTS PARTNERS, 
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (CSPP), CALUMET LP GP, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (CLPGP), CALUMET OPERATING, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (Operating) and CALUMET SALES COMPANY 
INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation (Calumet Sales and together with the 
Company, Calumet Shreveport, CSLW, CSF, CSPP, CLPGP and Operating, 
collectively, the Borrowers and each individually a Borrower), the 
financial institutions identified on the signature pages hereto as lenders 
(collectively, Lenders), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as agent for the 
Lenders (the Agent).


W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of 
December 9, 2005 among the Borrowers, the Lenders and the Agent (as 
previously amended, the Existing Credit Agreement), the Lenders have 
extended commitments to make certain credit facilities available to the 
Borrowers;

     WHEREAS, the Company has requested that the Lenders agree to amend 
certain provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement; and

     WHEREAS, the Agent and the Lenders are willing to make such amendments 
upon the terms and conditions contained in this Amendment;

     NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and in consideration of the 
agreements herein contained, the parties hereby agree as follows:


PART I
DEFINITIONS

     SUBPART 1.1. Certain Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein or 
the context otherwise requires, the following terms used in this Amendment, 
including its preamble and recitals, have the following meanings:

     Amended Credit Agreement means the Existing Credit Agreement as 
amended hereby.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Amendment No. 5 Effective Date is defined in Subpart 3.1.

     SUBPART 1.2. Other Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein or the 
context otherwise requires, terms used in this Amendment, including its 
preamble and recitals, have the meanings provided in the Amended Credit 
Agreement.


PART II
AMENDMENTS TO EXISTING CREDIT AGREEMENT

     Effective on (and subject to the occurrence of) the Amendment No. 5 
Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended in 
accordance with this Part II. Except as so amended, the Existing Credit 
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

     SUBPART 2.1. Amendment to Section 1.1. Section 1.1 of the Existing 
Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

     (A) The definitions of Borrowing Base, General Revolver Loan 
Committed Amount, Reporting Trigger Event and Revolver Commitment are 
hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following:

     Borrowing Base  on any date of determination, an amount equal to 
the lesser of (a) the aggregate amount of Revolver Commitments, minus the 
Availability Reserve; or (b) the sum of the Accounts Formula Amount, plus 
the Inventory Formula Amount, minus the Availability Reserve, plus, during 
the Bridge Period only, the Incremental Borrowing Availability.

     General Revolver Loan Committed Amount  at all times other than 
during the Bridge Period, $175,000,000, and during the Bridge Period, 
$210,000,000.

     Reporting Trigger Event  the occurrence of any of the following: (a) 
Availability falls below (i) at all times other than during the Bridge 
Period, $50,000,000 and (ii) during the Bridge Period, $0 or (b) a Default 
or Event of Default.

     Revolver Commitment  for any Lender, its obligation to make Revolver 
Loans and to participate in LC Obligations up to the maximum principal 
amount shown on Schedule 1.1, or as specified hereafter in the most recent 
Assignment and Acceptance to which it is a party. Revolver Commitments 
means the aggregate amount of such commitments of all Lenders. The Revolver 
Commitments as of the Closing Date total $225,000,000. The Revolver 
Commitments during the Bridge Period will total $260,000,000.

- 2 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (B) The following definitions are herby added in appropriate 
alphabetical order:

     Amendment No. 5 Effective Date  November 12, 2007.

     Bridge Period  the period beginning on November 15, 2007 and ending 
on the earliest of (i) January 15, 2008, (ii) the date of the PP&E 
Refinancing and (iii) the first Business Day immediately following the 
closing date of the first Equity Issuance by Calumet Specialty Products 
Partners, L.P. to Persons that are not its Affiliates following the 
Amendment No. 5 Effective Date.

     Incremental Accounts Formula Amount  5% of the net amount of 
Eligible Accounts. Net amount has the meaning provided in the definition 
of Accounts Formula Amount.

     Incremental Borrowing Availability  the lesser of (a) the sum of 
(i) the Incremental Accounts Formula Amount plus (ii) the Incremental 
Inventory Formula Amount or (b) $35,000,000.

     Incremental Inventory Formula Amount  the lesser of (a) the sum of 
(i) 15% of the Value of Eligible Category A Inventory plus (ii) 15% of the 
Value of Eligible Category B Inventory; or (b) 15% of the NOLV Percentage 
of the Value of Eligible Category A Inventory and Eligible Category B 
Inventory; provided, however, that Agent, subject to Section 14.1.1(a)(ii)
(C), may adjust such advance percentages from time to time in its 
reasonable discretion exercised in good faith.

     PP&E Refinancing  the repayment or refinancing of the PP&E 
Obligations.

     SUBPART 2.2 Amendment to Section 2.1.1. Section 2.1.1 of the Existing 
Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the 
following:

     2.1.1. Revolver Loans. Each Lender agrees, severally on a Pro Rata 
basis up to its Revolver Commitment, on the terms set forth herein, to make 
Revolver Loans to Borrowers from time to time through the Commitment 
Termination Date. In no event shall Lenders have any obligation to honor a 
request for a Revolver Loan if the unpaid balance of Revolver Loans 
outstanding at such time (including the requested Loan) would exceed the 
Borrowing Base. Each Lender agrees, severally on a Pro Rata basis, on the 
terms set forth herein, to make certain Revolver Loans (the General 
Revolver Loans) to Borrowers from time to time through the Commitment 
Termination Date for the purposes set forth in Section 2.1.3. In no event 
shall Lenders have any obligation to honor a request for a General Revolver 
Loan if the unpaid balance of General Revolver Loans outstanding at such 
time (including the requested Loan) plus total LC Obligations would exceed 
the General Revolver Loan Committed Amount. Each

- 3 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Lender agrees, severally on a Pro Rata basis, on the terms set forth 
herein, to make certain Revolver Loans (the Distribution Revolver Loans) 
to Borrowers from time to time through the Commitment Termination Date for 
the purposes set forth in Section 2.1.3. In no event shall Lenders have any 
obligation to honor a request for a Distribution Revolver Loan if the 
unpaid balance of Distribution Revolver Loans outstanding at such time 
(including the requested Loan) would exceed the difference of (a) the 
Distribution Revolver Loan Committed Amount minus (b) the amount by which 
the sum of (1) the outstanding principal balance of General Revolver Loans 
and (2) the amount available for drawing under Letters of Credit hereunder, 
exceeds (A) at all times other than during the Bridge Period, $175,000,000 
and (B) during the Bridge Period, $210,000,000. The Revolver Loans may be 
repaid and reborrowed as provided herein.

     SUBPART 2.3 Amendment to Section 3.2. Section 3.2 of the Existing 
Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new section to 
the end thereof:

     3.2.5 Bridge Period Fee. Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the Pro 
Rata benefit of the Lenders, a fee in an amount equal to $1,000 per day for 
each day during the Bridge Period.

     SUBPART 2.4 Amendment to Section 10.3. Section 10.3.1 is here by 
amended by adding the following sentence to the end thereof:

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall 
not be tested during the Bridge Period.

     SUBPART 2.5 Amendment to Schedule 1.1. Schedule 1.1 of the Existing 
Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the 
Schedule attached hereto as Exhibit A.


PART III
CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS

     SUBPART 3.1. Amendment No. 5 Effective Date. This Amendment shall be 
and become effective as of the date hereof (the Amendment No. 5 Effective 
Date) when all of the conditions set forth in this Part III shall have 
been satisfied, and thereafter this Amendment shall be known, and may be 
referred to, as the Fifth Amendment.

     SUBPART 3.2. Execution of Counterparts of Amendment. The Agent shall 
have received counterparts (or other evidence of execution, including 
telephonic message, satisfactory to the Agent) of this Amendment, which 
collectively shall have been duly executed on behalf of each of the 
Borrowers and each of the Lenders.

     SUBPART 3.3 Legal Opinion. The Agent shall have received, dated as of 
the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date and in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Agent, one or more legal opinions from counsel to the 
Borrowers.

- 4 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     SUBPART 3.4 Resolutions; Good Standings. The Agent shall have received 
the following, each of which shall be properly executed by a Senior Officer 
of the signing Obligor or the General Partner, each dated as of the 
Amendment No. 5 Effective Date (or, in the case of certificates of 
governmental officials, a recent date before the Amendment No. 5 Effective 
Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and each of 
the Lenders:

     (a) such certificates of resolutions or other action and/or other 
certificates of Senior Officers of each Obligor or the General Partner as 
Agent may require evidencing each Obligors authority to enter into this 
Amendment; and

     (b) such documents and certifications as the Agent may reasonably 
require to evidence that each Obligor is duly organized or formed, and is 
validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in 
(A) the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and (B) each 
jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of Properties or the 
conduct of its business requires such qualification, except to the extent 
that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect.

     SUBPART 3.5 Amendment Fee. The Borrowers shall have paid or caused to 
be paid an amendment fee to the Agent in connection with this Amendment for 
the pro rata account of each Lender that shall have returned executed 
signature pages to this Amendment no later than 3:00 p.m. on November 6, 
2007, as directed by the Agent, in an aggregate amount equal to $120,000 
for such Lenders as a group.


PART IV
MISCELLANEOUS

     SUBPART 4.1 Cross-References. References in this Amendment to any Part 
or Subpart are, unless otherwise specified, to such Part or Subpart of this 
Amendment.

     SUBPART 4.2. Instrument Pursuant to Existing Credit Agreement. This 
Amendment is an Other Agreement executed pursuant to the Existing Credit 
Agreement and shall (unless otherwise expressly indicated therein) be 
construed, administered and applied in accordance with the terms and 
provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement.

     SUBPART 4.3. References in Other Agreements. At such time as this 
Amendment shall become effective pursuant to the terms of Subpart 3.1, all 
references in the Other Agreements to the Credit Agreement shall be 
deemed to refer to the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this 
Amendment.

     SUBPART 4.4. Representations and Warranties of the Borrowers. Each 
Borrower hereby represents and warrants that (a) it has the requisite power 
and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Amendment, (b) it is 
duly authorized to, and has been

- 5 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

authorized by all necessary action, to execute, deliver and perform this 
Amendment, (c) the representations and warranties contained in Section 9 
of the Existing Credit Agreement (as amended by this Amendment) are true 
and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof as though 
made on and as of such date and after giving effect to the amendments 
contained herein (except for those which expressly relate to an earlier 
date) and (d) no Default or Event of Default exists under the Existing 
Credit Agreement on and as of the date hereof both before and after giving 
effect to the amendments contained herein.

     SUBPART 5.5. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed by the 
parties hereto in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be 
an original and all of which shall constitute together but one and the same 
agreement. Delivery of executed counterparts of this Amendment by telecopy 
shall be effective as an original and shall constitute a representation 
that an original will be delivered.

     SUBPART 5.6. Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A 
CONTRACT MADE UNDER AND GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW 
YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF.

     SUBPART 5.7. Successors and Assigns. This Amendment shall be binding 
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective 
successors and assigns.

     SUBPART 5.8. Costs and Expenses. The Borrowers agree to pay all 
reasonable out of pocket costs and expenses of the Agent in connection with 
the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment, including 
without limitation the reasonable fees and expenses of Moore & Van Allen, 
PLLC.

     SUBPART 5.9. No Other Modification. Except to the extent specifically 
provided to the contrary in this Amendment, all terms and conditions of the 
Existing Credit Agreement and the Other Agreements shall remain in full 
force and effect, without modification or limitation.


[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

- 6 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Each of the parties hereto has caused a counterpart of this Amendment 
to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
BORROWERS: 	  	CALUMET LUBRICANTS CO., LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	By: 	  	Calumet LP GP, LLC, its general partner
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	By: 	  	Calumet Operating, LLC, its sole member
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	By: 	  	Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P., its 
sole member
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	By: 	  	Calumet GP, LLC, its general partner
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	By: 	  	/s/ R. PATRICK MURRAY, II
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	Name: 	  	R. Patrick Murray, II
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	Title: 	  	Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	CALUMET SHREVEPORT, LLC
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ R. PATRICK MURRAY, II
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	R. Patrick Murray, II
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	CALUMET SHREVEPORT LUBRICANTS & WAXES, LLC
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ R. PATRICK MURRAY, II
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	R. Patrick Murray, II
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	CALUMET SHREVEPORT FUELS, LLC
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ R. PATRICK MURRAY, II
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	R. Patrick Murray, II
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
  	  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
  	  	CALUMET SPECIALTY PRODUCTS PARTNERS, L.P.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	Calumet GP, LLC, its general partner
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ R. PATRICK MURRAY, II
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	R. Patrick Murray, II
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	CALUMET LP GP, LLC
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	By: 	  	Calumet Operating, LLC, its sole member
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	By: 	  	Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P., its sole 
member
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	By: 	  	Calumet GP, LLC, its general partner
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	By: 	  	/s/ R. PATRICK MURRAY, II
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	Name: 	  	R. Patrick Murray, II
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	Title: 	  	Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	CALUMET OPERATING, LLC
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	By: 	  	Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P., its sole member
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	By: 	  	Calumet GP, LLC, its general partner
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	By: 	  	/s/ R. PATRICK MURRAY, II
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	Name: 	  	R. Patrick Murray, II
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	Title: 	  	Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	CALUMET SALES COMPANY INCORPORATED
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ R. PATRICK MURRAY, II
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	R. Patrick Murray, II
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 
  	  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
AGENT AND LENDERS: 	  	BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,
  	  	as Agent and a Lender
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ HANCE VAN BEBER
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Hance Van Beber
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Sr. Vice President
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
  	  	as Co-Syndication Agent and a Lender
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ SANTIAGO GIRALDO
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Santiago Giraldo
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Vice-President
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
  	  	as Co-Syndication Agent and a Lender
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ HANCE VAN BEBER
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Hance Van Beber
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Sr. Vice President
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	WELLS FARGO FOOTHILL, LLC,
  	  	as a Lender
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ JENNIFER FONG
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Jennifer Fong
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Assistant Vice President
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
  	  	as a Lender
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ JOE CURDY
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Joe Curdy
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Director
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	NATIONAL CITY BUSINESS CREDIT, INC.,
  	  	as a Lender
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ TOM BUDA
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Tom Buda
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Vice President
 
  	  	  	 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
  	  	SIEMENS FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.,
  	  	as a Lender
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ MARK PICILLO
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Mark Picillo
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Vice President
 
  	  	  	 


[END OF SIGNATURE PAGES]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Exhibit A

Schedule 1.1

Revolver Commitments
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Lender 	  	Revolver 	  	Revolver 	  	Commitment
  	  	Commitment 	  	Commitment 	  	Percentage
  	  	(Outside Bridge 	  	(During Bridge 	  	 
  	  	Period) 	  	Period) 	  	 
 
  Bank of America, N.A.
  	$ 	50,000,000 	  	  	$ 	57,777,777.79 	  	  	  	22.222222222 	%
  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
  	$ 	37,500,000 	  	  	$ 	43,333,333.34 	  	  	  	16.666666667 	%
  LaSalle Bank National Association
  	$ 	37,500,000 	  	  	$ 	43,333,333.34 	  	  	  	16.666666667 	%
  Wells Fargo Foothill, LLC
  	$ 	27,500,000 	  	  	$ 	31,777,777.77 	  	  	  	12.222222222 	%
  Wachovia Bank, National Association
  	$ 	27,500,000 	  	  	$ 	31,777,777.77 	  	  	  	12.222222222 	%
  National City Business Credit, Inc.
  	$ 	25,000,000 	  	  	$ 	28,888,888.88 	  	  	  	11.111111111 	%
  Siemens Financial Services, Inc.
  	$ 	20,000,000 	  	  	  	23,111,111.11 	  	  	  	8.888888889 	%
    Total:
  	$ 	225,000,000 	  	  	$ 	260,000,000 	  	  	  	100.000000000 	%

 