 EX-10.1 2 a07-25388_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
 
Exhibit 10.1
August 21, 2007
 
 
 
Mr. Barclay Corbus
230 Santa Paula Avenue
San Francisco, CA 94127
 
Dear Clay:
 
I am pleased to extend to you this written offer of employment for the 
position of Senior Vice President, Strategic Development.
 
Title and Duties
 
We will employ you for a two year period, beginning September 10, 2007 
through September 10, 2009, to perform services for Clean Energy as Senior 
Vice President, Strategic Development, to develop strategic growth 
opportunities, acquisitions, financings and other activities as described 
below.
 
You agree to devote all of your business time, attention and energy to the 
performance of your duties as Senior Vice President, subject to the 
direction and control of the Board of Directors and policies of Clean 
Energy.  This position reports to the President and CEO.  It is understood 
that you will reside in Northern California, but travel to the Corporate 
Office as needed.
 
Primary responsibility is to develop strategic opportunities for the 
Company utilizing your investment banking experience.  This activity may 
include, but not be limited to, strategic growth initiatives, acquisitions, 
development of various financial structures that may enhance the growth of 
the Company and/or add to the value of the Company.  You will be a member 
of the Senior Executive Management Team and will work closely with the 
Board of Directors, CEO, CFO, Senior VP Sales & Marketing, Senior VP 
Operations, and the Vice Presidents of Finance and Leasing, and 
Development.
 
Compensation
 
Salary and Performance Bonus
 
As compensation for your services, you will be paid an annual salary of 
$260,000 in equal installments on the 15th and the last day of the month.  
In addition, you will be
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
eligible for a performance bonus at the rate of 50/70/100% based on 
criteria set by the Compensation Committee of the Board.
 
 
Signing Bonus
 
You will receive a signing bonus of $100,000 payable on September 10, 2007.
 
 
Stock Options
 
As part of Clean Energys 2007 employee incentive program, you will be 
entitled to receive Company stock options in total of 350,000 options at 
market price.
 
 
Benefits
  
You will be eligible for benefits as an employee of Clean Energy on the 
first day of the month following your date of hire.  Clean Energys 
benefits program currently provides that Clean Energy will pay 80% of the 
health insurance premiums for you and your dependent(s) if you elect 
coverage with the Company.  Your benefits will also include four weeks of 
paid vacation (20 business days).  Clean Energy reserves the right to 
change any of its benefit programs in its sole and absolute discretion.
 
 
Reimbursement for Necessary Business Expenses
 
Clean Energy will reimburse you for reasonable and necessary business and 
travel expenses incurred in the performance of your duties, provided that 
for each business and travel expense, it is a proper deduction on the 
federal and state income tax return for the Company and you present Clean 
Energy with adequate documentation (e.g. detailed receipt or paid bill) 
which sets forth the date, place and amount of the expenditure, an 
explanation of the business purpose for the expenditure, and the names, 
occupations, addresses and other information sufficient to establish a 
business relationship to Clean Energy concerning each person who was 
entertained and any other documentation required in the future by the 
Internal Revenue Service.
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Company Vehicle
 
The Company will provide you with a natural gas vehicle and a home 
refueling appliance.  You agree to maintain a valid U.S. Drivers License 
and to operate any vehicle driven on company business in a safe and prudent 
manner and in accordance with applicable laws.
 
 
Duty Not to Compete
 
While you are employed by Clean Energy, you shall not directly or 
indirectly, either as an employee, employer, consultant, agent, principal, 
partner, stockholder, corporate officer, director, or in any other 
representative capacity, engage or participate in any business that is in 
competition in any manner whatsoever with the business of Clean Energy, its 
parent, subsidiary or affiliated companies.
 
 
Adherence to Company Policies
 
You agree to abide by all company policies that are issued by the company 
during your employment, including the following policies, which are 
attached and incorporated hereby reference: confidentiality policy relating 
to company information, and arbitration agreement.
 
 
Termination of Agreement
 
You and Clean Energy agree that either you or Clean Energy may terminate 
the employment relationship, at will, at any time, with or without cause.  
The offer of employment is contingent upon acceptable results of a 
pre-employment drug screen test, a thorough background check, and an 
insurable motor vehicle record (MVR), all conducted by Clean Energys third 
party contractor(s).
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
If this offer is acceptable to you, please sign the included copy of this 
letter in the space below for your signature and Attachments 1 and 2 and 
return them in the enclosed self-addressed envelope.  This offer will 
remain in effect through September 1, 2007 and will be officially withdrawn 
at close of business on that day.
 
Very truly yours,
 
 
 
 
/s/ Andrew J. Littlefair
 
Andrew J. Littlefair
President and CEO
 
 
 
                I have read this letter and accept the offer of employment 
on the terms and conditions set forth herein.
 
 
 
Date:
  August 21, 2007
By:
/s/ Barclay Corbus
 
 
 
Barclay Corbus
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ATTACHMENT 1
 
I will not use or disclose during or after my employment, except as 
authorized by Clean Energy (Company) in the performance of my duties, 
Company Information that I have or will acquire (whether or not developed 
by me) during my employment by Company, its predecessor companies, and 
their subsidiaries or any companies, joint ventures or other operations in 
which Company has any interest.
 
The term Company Information as used in this Agreement means (a) 
information or any item of knowledge owned, acquired, or developed by 
Company not generally known in the relevant trade or industry, the use of 
which confers a competitive advantage over those that do not use or possess 
it including without limitation confidential information or knowledge about 
Companys products, processes, services, research, exploration, reserves, 
engineering, manufacturing operations, computer programs, marketing, 
business plans, and methods of doing business; (b) other information or 
knowledge in Companys possession, whether technical, business, or 
financial, the use or disclosure of which might reasonably be construed to 
be contrary to the interest of Company; and (c) information received from 
third parties under confidential conditions or with a restriction on use or 
disclosure.
 
I agree that upon termination of my employment for any reason I will turn 
over to Company all tangible embodiments of Company Information that I have 
in my possession and my obligations not to use or disclose Company 
Information will continue except that when Company Information becomes 
generally available to the public other than by my acts or omissions, it is 
no longer subject to the restrictions provision.
 
 
 
Date:
  August 21, 2007
By:
/s/ Barclay Corbus
 
 
 
Barclay Corbus
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ATTACHMENT 2
 
Any controversy, dispute or claim between any employee and the Company, or 
its officers, agents or other employees, shall be settled by binding 
arbitration, at the request of either party.  The arbitrability of any 
controversy, dispute or claim under this policy shall be determined by 
application of the substantive provisions of the Federal Arbitration Act (9 
U.S.C. sections 1 and 2) and by application of the procedural provisions of 
the California Arbitration Act.  Arbitration shall be the exclusive method 
for resolving any dispute; provided, however, that either party may request 
provisional relief from a court of competent jurisdiction, as provided in 
California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281.8.
 
The claims which are to be arbitrated under this policy include, but are 
not limited to claims for wages and other compensation, claims for breach 
of contract (express or implied), claims for violation of public policy, 
wrongful termination, tort claims, claims for unlawful discrimination 
and/or harassment (including, but not limited to, race, religious creed, 
color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, 
gender identity or expression, medical condition, marital status, age, 
pregnancy, sex or sexual orientation ) to the extent allowed by law, and 
claims for violation of any federal, state, or other government law, 
statute, regulation, or ordinance, except for claims for workers 
compensation and unemployment insurance benefits.
 
The employee and the Company will select an arbitrator by mutual agreement. 
 If the employee and the Company are unable to agree on a neutral 
arbitrator, either party may elect to obtain a list of arbitrators from the 
Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, the American Arbitration 
Association, or any other reputable dispute resolution organization.
 
The demand for arbitration must be in writing and must be made by the 
aggrieved party within the statute of limitations period provided under 
applicable California and/or federal law for the particular claim.  Failure 
to make a written demand within the applicable statutory period constitutes 
a waiver to raise that claim in any forum.  Arbitration proceedings will be 
held in Los Angeles County, California.
 
The arbitrator shall apply applicable California and/or federal substantive 
law to determine issues of liability and damages regarding all claims to be 
arbitrated, and shall apply the California Evidence Code to the proceeding. 
 The parties shall be entitled to conduct reasonable discovery and the 
arbitrator shall have the authority to determine what constitutes 
reasonable discovery.  The arbitrator shall hear motions for summary 
disposition as provided in the California Code of Civil Procedure.
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Within thirty days following the hearing and the submission of the matter 
to the arbitrator, the arbitrator shall issue a written opinion and award 
which shall be signed and dated.  The arbitrators award shall decide all 
issues submitted by the parties, and the arbitrator may not decide any 
issue not submitted.  The arbitrator shall prepare in writing and provide 
to the parties a decision and award which includes factual findings and the 
reasons upon which the decision is based.  The arbitrator shall be 
permitted to award only those remedies in law or equity which are requested 
by the parties and allowed by law.
 
The decision of the arbitrator shall be binding and conclusive on the 
parties and cannot be reviewed for error of law or legal reasoning of any 
kind.  Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in 
any court having proper jurisdiction.
 
The cost of the arbitrator and other incidental costs of arbitration that 
would not be incurred in a court proceeding shall be borne by the Company.  
The parties shall each bear their own costs and attorneys fees in any 
arbitration proceeding, provided however, that the arbitrator shall have 
the authority to require either party to pay the costs and attorneys fees 
of the other party, as is permitted under federal or state law, as a part 
of any remedy that may be ordered.
 
Both the Company and employees understand that by using arbitration to 
resolve disputes they are giving up any right that they may have to a judge 
or jury trial with regard to all issues concerning employment.
 
No employee or other Company representative can modify this policy in any 
manner nor enter into any agreement that is contrary to this policy unless 
it is in writing and signed by the Chief Executive Officer.  If any term, 
provision, covenant or condition of this policy is held by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or an arbitrator to be invalid, void, or 
unenforceable, the remaining terms and provisions of this Policy will 
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired, 
or invalidated.
 
 
 
Date:
  August 21, 2007
By:
/s/ Barclay Corbus
 
 
 
Barclay Corbus
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 