 EX-10.1 2 g10410exv10w1.htm EX-10.1 SEPARATION AGREEMENT


 

Exhibit 10.1

September 13, 2007

Jon Schneider
6647 Capistrano Beach Trail
Delray Beach, Florida 33446

     Dear Jon:

     This Separation Agreement (Agreement) dated September 13, 2007 
supersedes any prior agreements executed by and between Home Diagnostics, 
Inc. (HDI) and Jon Schneider, except for paragraphs 1 through 6 of the 
Employee Confidentiality and Non Disclosure Agreement executed on August 
16, 1996 (copy attached). This Agreement confirms that your employment with 
HDI, and its affiliated entities (collectively, the Company) will cease 
effective September 14, 2007. The Company hereby offers to you the 
following severance package. In consideration of this offer, you agree to 
the following terms:

     1.  Effective Dates. Your last day of employment (i.e., the last day 
on which you will be expected to report to work, perform any duties and 
carry out assigned tasks) will be September 14, 2007 (Separation Date) 
and, provided you execute this Agreement, your payroll termination date 
(i.e. the last working day for which you will be paid your base salary) 
will be March 14, 2008.

2. Payment and Benefits.

     (a) Provided you execute this Agreement, you will receive your current 
base salary as of the date of this agreement through March 14, 2008, less 
the required deductions pursuant to applicable tax withholding laws and 
regulations, as well as applicable employee health insurance premiums 
through the salary continuation period. Additionally, you will remain 
eligible for the 2007 Management by Objective bonus payment.

     (b) You will receive payment for any accrued but unused vacation days 
through the Separation Date.

     (c) All benefit programs to which you are currently entitled and under 
which you have elected coverage shall cease as of September 30, 2007. The 
Company agrees to maintain the current level of medical and dental coverage 
for which you are currently enrolled ending March 31, 2008. Subsequent to 
that date, pursuant to COBRA, you may be eligible to continue your health 
insurance benefits for the statutory period permitted under COBRA. Your 
right to continue pursuant to COBRA shall be governed by applicable law and 
the terms of the plans and programs except as modified herein, and will be 
explained to you under separate cover which you shall receive as soon as 
practicable after the Separation Date. You also will be provided with an 
explanation under separate cover, of your rights, if any, pursuant to the 
Companys 401(k) Plan.

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (d) Stock Options will be governed by the Stock Option plan documents.

     3. Review and Revocation. Employer has delivered to Employee two 
copies of this Agreement, signed by Employer. Employee understands and 
agrees that he has 21 days from the date Employee receives this Agreement 
(not counting the day Employee receives the Agreement) to consider the 
terms of and to sign this Agreement. Employee understands that, in 
Employees sole and absolute discretion, Employee may sign this Agreement 
prior to the expiration of the 21-day period. If Employee elects to sign 
this Agreement, he shall sign both copies and deliver one fully executed 
copy to Employer at 2400 NW 55th Ct., Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33309 , 
Attention: Human Resources Department. The second copy may be retained by 
Employee.

     Employee further acknowledges and understands that he may revoke this 
Agreement for a period of up to 7 days after he signs it (not counting the 
day Employee signed the Agreement) and that the Agreement shall not become 
effective or enforceable until the 7-day revocation period has expired. To 
revoke this Agreement, Employee must give written notice stating that 
Employee wishes to revoke the Agreement to Employer (fax: (954) 739-8506). 
If Employee mails a notice of revocation to Employer, it must be postmarked 
no later than 7 days following the date on which Employee signed this 
Agreement (not counting the day Employee signed the Agreement) or the 
revocation shall not be effective.

     4. Release of All Claims; Further Action.

     (a) In consideration for the consideration provided for in Paragraph 
1, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Employee, for Employee and or 
Employees heirs, assigns, and all persons and entities claiming by, 
through, or under Employee, hereby irrevocably, unconditionally, and 
completely releases, discharges, and agrees to hold Employer and its 
Affiliates, individually or in any combination thereof, harmless of and 
from any and all claims, liabilities, charges, demands, grievances, and 
causes of action of any kind or nature whatsoever, including without 
limitation claims for contribution, subrogation, or indemnification, 
whether direct or indirect, liquidated or unliquidated, known or unknown, 
which Employee had, has, or may claim to have against Employer or against 
any Affiliate, whether as an employee or otherwise (hereinafter 
collectively referred to as Claim(s)).

     (b) The release set forth in this Paragraph 3 includes without 
limitation any Claim(s) that Employee has, had, or may claim to have 
against Employer or any Affiliate (a) for wrongful termination or 
discharge, emotional distress, breach of express or implied contract of 
employment, employment related torts, or personal injury (whether physical 
or mental); (b) for any Claim(s) arising under federal or state law, 
including without limitation Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the 
Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Florida Civil Rights Act, 
Florida Statutes § 760.01, et. seq. or any other federal, state, or local 
law prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, 
age, national origin, disability, or any other protected group status; (c) 
any Claim(s) arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, which 
prohibits discrimination

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

against employees age 40 and above; (d) any Claim(s) arising under the 
Family and Medical Leave Act, (e) any Claim(s) arising under the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act, (f) any Claim(s) for attorneys fees or 
costs, and (g) for any other Claim(s) in any way related to or arising out 
of Employees employment with Employer or the termination of that 
employment.

     (c) Nothing in this Agreement waives Employees rights, if any, to 
continue Employees participation in Employers employee welfare benefit 
plan, as allowed by COBRA and the terms, conditions, and limitations of the 
plan, or any vested rights that Employee may have under any employee 
pension or welfare benefit in which Employee participated as an employee of 
Employer.

     5. Full and Complete Release. Employee understands and agrees that he 
is releasing and waiving any and all Claim(s), including but not limited to 
Claims that Employee does not know exist in Employees favor at the time 
Employee signs this Agreement which, if known by Employee, would materially 
affect Employees decision to sign this Agreement. For the purpose of 
implementing a full and complete release and discharge of Employer and each 
and every Affiliate, Employee expressly acknowledges that the release set 
forth in Paragraph 3 is intended to include in its effect, without 
limitation, all Claim(s) which Employee does not know or suspect to exist 
in Employees favor at the time of execution hereof, including but not 
limited to claims of fraud in the inducement in procuring this release, and 
that the release set forth in Paragraph 3 contemplates the extinguishment 
of any such Claim(s).

     6. Covenant Not to Sue. Employee promises not to file, or permit to be 
filed on Employees behalf, any lawsuit, charge, or complaint against 
Employer or any Affiliate with any administrative agency (unless prohibited 
by applicable statute of agency regulation) or with any state or federal 
court asserting any Claim(s) released in Paragraphs 3 and/or 4. In 
addition, Employee waives any right to recover damages, costs, and 
attorneys fees in any action brought by Employee or by any other person or 
entity (including without limitation the Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission or the Florida Commission on Human Relations on Employees 
behalf asserting any Claim(s) released by Paragraphs 3 and 4.

     7. Wages and Commissions Paid in Full. Employee acknowledges that he 
has received all monies due and owing to Employee from Employer, including 
without limitation any monies due and owing to Employee for wages, accrued 
but unused vacation benefits, commissions, or otherwise and that he has no 
claim against Employer whatsoever for the payment of any further wages, 
commissions, vacation benefits, or other monies.

     8. Restriction on Disclosure; Non-Disparagement. This Agreement is 
confidential information owned by Employer. Employee agrees that he shall 
not disclose the terms of this Agreement except to the extent required by 
law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee may disclose the terms of this 
Agreement to Employees spouse, attorney, tax advisor or tax authorities. 
If Employee discloses the terms of this Agreement to Employees spouse, 
attorney, or tax advisor, as a condition of such disclosure, Employee will 
advise such person that he must not disclose the terms of this Agreement 
except to the extent required by law. Employee agrees to avoid making 
disparaging remarks or taking any action now, and at any time in the 
future, which could be considered detrimental to Employer.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     9. Return of Employer Property. Employee agrees to promptly deliver to 
Employer any property of Employer in Employees possession or under his 
control.

     10. Employment Reference/Inquiries. The parties agree that reference 
requests and employment inquiries made on Employees behalf will include 
providing only Employees dates of employment, job title, and job location, 
and Employer will provide no further or additional information in response 
to inquiries by prospective employers. The terms of this Agreement shall be 
kept confidential, and Employer will not hereafter disclose any information 
concerning this Agreement in connection with any reference request and 
employment inquiries made on Employees behalf.

     11. Noncompetition and Nonsolicitation. For and in consideration of 
the agreement of the Employer set forth in paragraph 1, and in order to 
protect the interest of the Employer in its confidential information 
referred to in Paragraph 11, during the 12 month period beginning on the 
termination of Employees employment with Employer, Employee shall not, 
directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, join, control or participate 
in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or be employed or 
otherwise connected as an officer, employer, stockholder, partner, 
consultant or otherwise with, any business that at any relevant time during 
such period directly or indirectly engages in any business that is 
competitive with that of Employer anywhere in the world (ownership of not 
more than 1% of the outstanding stock of any publicly traded company shall 
not be a violation of this Paragraph 10). During the 12 month period 
beginning on the termination of Employees employment with Employer, 
Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit or otherwise induce or 
influence any employee of Employer to discontinue such employment 
relationship with Employer or employ or seek to employ, or cause any 
competitive business to employ or seek to employ, any person who is then 
(or was at any time within one year prior thereto) employed by Employer. 
The agreements set forth in this Paragraph 10 are ancillary to the 
agreements set forth in Paragraph 11.

     12. Confidential Information. Employee represents that he has returned 
to Employer all copies of any secret or confidential information, knowledge 
or data relating to Employer or any of its affiliated companies and their 
respective businesses that shall have been obtained by Employee during his 
employment by Employer, and further agrees not to communicate or divulge 
any such information, knowledge or data to anyone other than Employer or 
persons designated by Employer, nor use any such information, knowledge or 
data in any manner.

     13. Remedies.

     (a) Employee hereby acknowledges that if he breaches the restrictive 
covenants contained in Paragraphs 11 and 12 of this Agreement, the damages 
to Employer will result in irreparable harm to Employer, and Employee 
agrees that, in addition to any other remedies provided for herein or 
otherwise available at law, Employer shall be entitled in any court of 
equity having jurisdiction to an injunction on an ex parte basis without 
the need to post a bond restraining Employee in the event of a breach, 
actual or threatened, of the agreements and covenants contained in 
Paragraphs 10 and 11 of this Agreement.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (b) The parties hereto believe that the restrictive covenants 
contained in Paragraphs 10 and 11 of this Agreement are reasonable. 
However, if at any time it shall be determined by any court of competent 
jurisdiction that said Paragraphs or any portion thereof, as written, are 
unenforceable because the restrictions are unreasonable, the parties hereto 
agree that such portions as shall have been determined to be unreasonably 
restrictive shall thereupon be deemed amended so as to make such 
restrictions reasonable in the determination of such court, and the said 
covenants, as so modified, shall be enforceable between the parties to the 
same extent as if such amendments had been made prior to the date of any 
alleged breach of said covenants.

     14. Future Cooperation. Employee agrees to cooperate with Employer in 
connection with any matter with which he was involved as an employee of 
Employer or any existing or potential claim, investigation, administrative 
proceeding, lawsuit or other legal or business matter, including assigning 
all patent rights to Employer on existing or future patent applications on 
which Employee is listed as an inventor, which arose during Employees 
employment by Employer, all as reasonably requested by Employer. Any 
expenses incurred by the Employee will be the responsibility of the 
Employer.

     15. Not an Admission. This Agreement does not constitute an admission 
by Employer or by any Affiliate, and Employer and each and every Affiliate 
specifically deny, that Employer or any Affiliate has violated any 
contract, law, or regulation or that it or he has discriminated against 
Employee or otherwise infringed on Employees rights and privileges or done 
any other wrongful act. This Agreement does not constitute an admission by 
Employee, and Employee specifically denies, that Employee has violated any 
contract, law, or regulation or that he has infringed on Employers rights 
and privileges or done any other wrongful act.

     16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
understanding between the parties and supersedes all negotiations, 
representations, prior discussions, and preliminary agreements between the 
parties. No promise, representation, warranty, or covenant not included in 
this Agreement has been or is relied upon by either party. Notwithstanding 
any statute or case law to the contrary, this Agreement may not be modified 
except by a written instrument signed by each of the parties, whether or 
not such modification is supported by separate consideration.

     17. Miscellaneous. Notwithstanding any conflict of laws provisions to 
the contrary, this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of 
Florida and the parties consent to the jurisdiction and venue of Broward 
County and Federal courts and waive any defenses based on jurisdiction or 
venue. Employee warrants that he has not assigned any Claim(s) released by 
this Agreement, or any interest therein, to any third party. Any waiver by 
any party hereto of any breach of any kind or character whatsoever by any 
other party, whether such waiver be direct or implied, shall not be 
construed as a continuing waiver of, or consent to, any subsequent breach 
of this Agreement on the part of the other party. In addition, no course of 
dealing between the parties, nor any delay in exercising any rights or 
remedies hereunder or otherwise, shall operate as a waiver of any of the 
rights or remedies of the parties. The provisions of the Agreement are 
severable. If any part of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, the 
other provisions shall remain fully valid and enforceable. It is the 
intention and agreement of the parties that all of the terms and conditions 
hereof be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. This Agreement 
shall inure to and bind the heirs, devisees, executors, administrators, 
personal representatives, successors, and assigns of the respective parties 
hereto.

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     18. Attorneys Fees. If a civil action or other proceeding is brought 
to enforce this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to 
recover reasonable attorneys fees, costs, and expenses incurred, in 
addition to any other relief to which such party may be entitled.

     19. Knowing and Voluntary Execution. Employee acknowledges that he has 
read this Agreement carefully and fully understands the meaning of the 
terms of this Agreement. Employee acknowledges that he has signed this 
Agreement voluntarily and of Employees own free will and that he is 
knowingly and voluntarily releasing and waiving all Claim(s) that he has or 
may have against Employer or any Affiliate.

     20. Opportunity to Consult with Counsel. Employee further acknowledges 
that he has been encouraged by Employer to consult with an attorney, and 
has had the opportunity if he so chooses, to do so prior to signing this 
Agreement. Each party agrees that he or it shall be solely responsible for 
any attorneys fees incurred by that party in the negotiation and execution 
of this Agreement.
  	  	  	  	 
  	EMPLOYEE
  	 
DATED:                                 	  	 
  	Jon M. Schneider  	 
  	  	 
 
  	EMPLOYER

HOME DIAGNOSTICS, INC.
  	 
DATED:                                 	By:   	  	 
  	  	J. Richard Damron, Jr.  	 
  	  	  	 
 

6