 EX-10.17 17 exh10-17_15497.txt INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR SUBSCRIPTION 
AGREEMENT EXHIBIT 10.17 ------------- PLEASE PRINT: NAME OF SUBSCRIBER: 
____________________________________ SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: __________ UNITS 
PRICE PER UNIT: $3.40 AGGREGATE PURCHASE PRICE: $________________ 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT This Subscription Agreement (this "Agreement") is 
being delivered to you in connection with your investment in RedRoller 
Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a Aslahan Enterprises Ltd.) 
whose shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common 
Stock"), are currently quoted on the NASD's Over The Counter Bulletin Board 
under the symbol "RROL.OB" ("Pubco"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of which 
will acquire by merger (the "Merger") all of the issued and outstanding 
capital stock and the business of RedRoller, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
("RedRoller"). Pubco is conducting a private placement (the "Offering") of 
units (the "Units"), at a purchase price of $3.40 per Unit. Each Unit shall 
consist of (i) four shares (the "Shares") of Common Stock and (ii) a 
warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an initial exercise price 
of $1.28 per share exercisable for 60 months after the closing of the 
Merger (the "Warrant"). All funds received in the Offering prior to the 
Closing (as defined below) shall be held in escrow by U.S. Bank N.A. (the 
"Escrow Agent") and, upon fulfillment of the other conditions precedent set 
forth herein, shall be released from escrow and delivered to Pubco, at 
which time certificates for the shares of Common Stock and the Warrants 
underlying the Units subscribed for shall be delivered, subject to Section 
6 hereof and as further described below, to you. 1. SUBSCRIPTION AND 
PURCHASE PRICE (a) Subscription. Subject to the conditions set forth in 
Section 2 hereof, the undersigned (the "Investor") hereby subscribes for 
and agrees to purchase the number of Units indicated above on the terms and 
conditions described herein. The minimum number of Units that may be 
purchased is 29,412. Subscriptions for lesser amounts may be accepted at 
the discretion of Pubco. This Agreement together with the Confidential 
Investor Questionnaire attached hereto as Exhibit A are collectively 
referred to as the "Subscription Documents." The Subscription Documents 
together with the Registration Rights Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 
B and the Warrant are collectively referred to as the "Transaction 
Documents." (b) Purchase of Units. The Investor understands and 
acknowledges that the purchase price to be remitted to Pubco in exchange 
for the Units shall be $3.40 per Unit, for an aggregate purchase price as 
set forth on Page 18 hereof (the "Aggregate Purchase Price"). The 
Investor's delivery of this Agreement to Pubco shall be accompanied by 
payment, to the Escrow Agent, of the Aggregate Purchase Price, payable in 
United States dollars, by wire transfer of immediately available funds. The 
Investor understands and agrees that, subject to Section 2 hereof and 
applicable laws, by executing this Agreement, he, she or it is entering 
into a binding agreement. 2. ACCEPTANCE, OFFERING TERM AND CLOSING 
PROCEDURES (a) Acceptance or Rejection. The obligation of the Investor to 
purchase the Units shall, subject to the investor accreditation process, 
applicable securities laws and the closing conditions contained in Section 
6 hereof, be irrevocable and the Investor shall be legally bound to 
purchase the Units subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement. The 
Investor understands and agrees that Pubco reserves the right to reject 
this subscription for Units in whole or in part in any order at any time 
prior to the Closing if, in its reasonable judgment, it deems such action 
to be in the best interest of Pubco, notwithstanding the Investor's prior 
receipt of notice of acceptance of the Investor's subscription. In the 
event of rejection of this subscription by Pubco in accordance with this 
Section 2, or the sale of the Units is not consummated by Pubco for any 
reason, this Agreement and any other agreement entered into between the 
Investor and Pubco relating to the Investor's subscription for Units shall 
thereafter have no force or effect, and Pubco shall promptly return or 
cause to be returned to the Investor the Aggregate Purchase Price remitted 
to the Escrow Agent, without interest thereon or deduction therefrom. (b) 
Closing/Offering Term. The subscription period for the Offering will begin 
as of October 17, 2007. The closing of the Offering (the "Closing") will 
occur upon the later of: (i) receipt of acceptable subscriptions equal to 
$6,000,000 (or 1,764,706 Units) or (ii) the closing of the Merger. The 
Offering will terminate on October 31, 2007, unless extended without notice 
by Pubco and the placement agent (the "Placement Agent") for the Offering 
for no more than two 30 day periods thereafter. If Pubco elects to extend 
the Offering period beyond October 31, 2007 and subscriptions for at least 
1,764,706 Units have not been received and accepted by Pubco or the closing 
of the Merger has not occurred by such date, Pubco shall provide all 
prospective subscribers notice of its intention to so extend the offer and 
provide such subscribers with the opportunity to have all of such 
subscriber's funds on deposit with the Escrow Agent returned, without 
interest or deduction. The Closing of the Merger shall be a condition to 
closing the Offering. 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 3.1 INVESTOR 
REPRESENTATIONS: The Investor hereby acknowledges, agrees with and 
represents and warrants to Pubco, as follows: (a) The Investor has full 
power and authority to enter into and deliver this Agreement and to perform 
the obligations hereunder, and the execution, delivery and performance of 
this Agreement has been duly authorized, if applicable, and this Agreement 
constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Investor. (b) The 
Investor acknowledges his, her or its understanding that the offering and 
sale of the Shares and Warrants comprising the Units (the "Underlying 
Securities") is intended to be exempt from registration under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), by virtue of 
Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and the provisions of Regulation D 
promulgated thereunder ("Regulation D"). In furtherance thereof, the 
Investor represents and warrants to Pubco as follows: (i) The Investor 
realizes that the basis for the exemption from registration may not be 
available if, notwithstanding the Investor's representations contained 
herein, the Investor is merely acquiring the Underlying Securities for a 
fixed or determinable period in the future, or for a market rise, or for 
sale if the market does not rise. The Investor does not have any such 
intention. (ii) The Investor is acquiring the Underlying Securities solely 
for the Investor's own beneficial account, for investment purposes, and not 
with view to, or resale in connection with, any distribution of the 
Underlying Securities. 2 (iii) The Investor has the financial ability to 
bear the economic risk of his, her or its investment, has adequate means 
for providing for its current needs and contingencies, and has no need for 
liquidity with respect to the investment in Pubco. (iv) The Investor and 
the Investor's attorney, accountant, purchaser representative and/or tax 
advisor, if any (collectively, "Advisors"), have received, carefully 
reviewed and understand the information contained in the Confidential 
Private Placement Memorandum, dated October 17, 2007, together with all 
appendices and exhibits thereto (as such documents may be amended or 
supplemented, the "Memorandum"), relating to the Offering. (v) The Investor 
(together with his, her or its Advisors, if any) has such knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating 
the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Units. If other 
than an individual, the Investor also represents it has not been organized 
solely for the purpose of acquiring the Units. (c) The information in the 
Confidential Investor Questionnaire attached hereto as Exhibit A and 
completed and executed by the Investor is true and accurate in all 
respects, and the Investor is an "accredited investor," as that term is 
defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D. (d) The Investor is not relying on 
Pubco or its affiliates or agents with respect to economic considerations 
involved in this investment. The Investor has relied on the advice of, or 
has consulted with, only his, her or its Advisors. Each Advisor, if any, is 
capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Units as 
such are described in the Memorandum, and each Advisor, if any, has 
disclosed to the Investor in writing (a copy of which is annexed to this 
Agreement) the specific details of any and all past, present or future 
relationships, actual or contemplated, between the Advisor and the 
Placement Agent or any affiliate or sub-agent thereof. (e) The Investor 
represents, warrants and agrees that he, she or it will not sell or 
otherwise transfer the Underlying Securities without registration under the 
Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, and fully understands and agrees 
that the Investor must bear the economic risk of his, her or its purchase 
because, among other reasons, the Underlying Securities have not been 
registered under the Securities Act or under the securities laws of any 
state and, therefore, cannot be resold, pledged, assigned or otherwise 
disposed of unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities 
Act and under the applicable securities laws of such states, or an 
exemption from such registration is available. In particular, the Investor 
is aware that the Underlying Securities are "restricted securities," as 
such term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act 
("Rule 144"), and they may not be sold pursuant to Rule 144 unless all of 
the conditions of Rule 144 are met. The Investor also understands that, 
except as otherwise provided in Section 4 hereof, Pubco is under no 
obligation to register the Underlying Securities on his, her or its behalf 
or to assist them in complying with any exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. The Investor 
understands that any sales or transfers of the Underlying Securities are 
further restricted by state securities laws and the provisions of this 
Agreement. (f) The Investor understands and agrees that the certificates 
for the Underlying Securities shall bear substantially the following legend 
until (i) the Shares shall have been registered under the Securities Act 
and effectively disposed of in accordance with a registration statement 
that has been declared effective or (ii) in the opinion of counsel for 
Pubco, the Shares may be sold without registration under the Securities 
Act, as well as any applicable "blue sky" or state securities laws: THE 
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY 3 
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR 
INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, DELIVERED AFTER 
SALE, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED BY THE ISSUER WITH THE U.S. SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION COVERING SUCH SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN 
OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT 
REQUIRED. (g) No representations or warranties have been made to the 
Investor by Pubco or RedRoller, or any of their respective officers, 
employees, agents, sub-agents, affiliates or subsidiaries, other than any 
representations of Pubco or RedRoller contained in the Memorandum or this 
Agreement, and in subscribing for the Units the Investor is not relying 
upon any representations other than those contained in the Memorandum or 
this Agreement. (h) The Investor understands and acknowledges that his, her 
or its purchase of the Units is a speculative investment that involves a 
high degree of risk and the potential loss of the Investor's entire 
investment and has carefully read and considered the matters set forth in 
the Memorandum, in particular the matters discussed in the Section 
contained therein entitled "RISK FACTORS," and, in particular, acknowledges 
that Pubco has a limited operating history and, subsequent to the Merger, 
will be engaged in a highly-competitive business sector. (i) The Investor's 
overall commitment to investments that are not readily marketable is not 
disproportionate to the Investor's net worth, and an investment in the 
Units will not cause such overall commitment to become excessive. (j) 
Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") nor any 
state securities commission has approved the Underlying Securities or 
passed upon or endorsed the merits of the Offering or confirmed the 
accuracy or determined the adequacy of the Memorandum. The Memorandum has 
not been reviewed by any federal, state or other regulatory authority. Any 
representation to the contrary is a crime. (k) The Investor and his, her or 
its Advisors, if any, have had a reasonable opportunity to ask questions of 
and receive answers from a person or persons acting on behalf of Pubco and 
RedRoller concerning the offering of the Units and the business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects of Pubco and RedRoller, and 
all such questions have been answered to the full satisfaction of the 
Investor and his, her or its Advisors, if any. (l) The Investor is unaware 
of, is in no way relying on, and did not become aware of the offering of 
the Units through or as a result of, any form of general solicitation or 
general advertising including, without limitation, any article, notice, 
advertisement or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine 
or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or electronic mail 
over the Internet, in connection with the offering and sale of the Units 
and is not subscribing for Units and did not become aware of the offering 
of the Units through or as a result of any seminar or meeting to which the 
Investor was invited by, or any solicitation of a subscription by, a person 
not previously known to the Investor in connection with investments in 
securities generally. (m) The Investor has taken no action which would give 
rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, finders, fees or 
the like relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby 
(other than commissions to be paid by Pubco and RedRoller to the Placement 
Agent, its sub-agents or as otherwise described in the Memorandum). 4 (n) 
The Investor is not relying on Pubco, RedRoller, the Placement Agent, or 
any of their respective employees, agents or sub-agents with respect to the 
legal, tax, economic and related considerations of an investment in the 
Units, and the Investor has relied on the advice of, or has consulted with, 
only his, her or its own Advisors. (o) The Investor acknowledges that any 
estimates or forward-looking statements or projections included in the 
Memorandum were prepared by the future management of Pubco in good faith, 
but that the attainment of any such projections, estimates or 
forward-looking statements cannot be guaranteed by Pubco, RedRoller or 
their respective management and should not be relied upon. (p) No oral or 
written representations have been made, or oral or written information 
furnished, to the Investor or his, her or its Advisors, if any, in 
connection with the offering of the Units which are in any way inconsistent 
with the information contained in the Memorandum. (q) The Investor's 
substantive relationship with the Placement Agent or sub-agents through 
which the Investor is subscribing for Units predates the Placement Agent's 
or such sub-agents' contact with the Investor regarding an investment in 
the Units. (r) (For ERISA plans only) The fiduciary of the ERISA plan (the 
"Plan") represents that such fiduciary has been informed of and understands 
Pubco's investment objectives, policies and strategies, and that the 
decision to invest "plan assets" (as such term is defined in ERISA) in 
Pubco is consistent with the provisions of ERISA that require 
diversification of plan assets and impose other fiduciary responsibilities. 
The subscriber or Plan fiduciary (a) is responsible for the decision to 
invest in Pubco; (b) is independent of Pubco and any of its affiliates; (c) 
is qualified to make such investment decision; and (d) in making such 
decision, the subscriber or Plan fiduciary has not relied primarily on any 
advice or recommendation of Pubco or any of its affiliates or its agents. 
3.2 COMPANY REPRESENTATIONS: For purposes of this Section 3.2 the Company 
shall mean Pubco after giving effect to the Merger and the closing of the 
Offering. The Company hereby acknowledges, agrees with and represents and 
warrants to the Investor, as follows: (a) RESERVED. (b) The authorized 
capital stock of the Company consists of 225,000,000 shares of which 
200,000,000 shares are designated Common Stock and 25,000,000 are 
designated as preferred stock. As of the closing of the Offering and the 
Merger there will be [24,783,881] shares of Common Stock issued and 
outstanding, [2,670,843] shares of Common Stock underlying Warrants issued 
in connection with the Offering and the warrants issued to the Placement 
Agent on connection with the Offering, and 7,999,928 shares of Common Stock 
underlying stock options granted to various employees, consultants and 
advisors of the Company. All outstanding shares of capital stock of the 
Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 
Other than (i) the Underlying Securities issued in connection with the 
Offering and (ii) the stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock 
issued in connection with the Offering to former holders of stock options 
to purchase shares of RedRoller common stock, the Company has not issued 
any other options, warrants, script rights to subscribe to, calls or 
commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights 
or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or 
entered into any agreement giving any Person any right to subscribe for or 
acquire, any shares of Common Stock, or securities or rights convertible or 
exchangeable into shares of Common Stock. Except for customary adjustments 
as a result of stock dividends, stock splits, combinations of shares, 
reorganizations, recapitalizations, reclassifications or other similar 
events, there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained 
in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights 
to security holders) and the issuance and sale of the Underlying Securities 
will 5 not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other 
securities to any Person (other than the investors in the Offering) and 
will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust 
the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under such securities. 
(c) The Units and Underlying Securities are duly authorized and, when 
issued and paid for in accordance with the Transaction Documents, will be 
duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, free and clear of 
all liens and shall not be subject to preemptive or similar rights of 
stockholders (other than those imposed by the investors in the Offering). 
(d) The execution, delivery and performance of each of the Transaction 
Documents has been duly and validly authorized by the Company and is a 
valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with 
its respective terms, except to the extent that (a) the enforceability 
hereof or thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, 
moratorium or similar laws from time to time in effect and affecting the 
rights of creditors generally, (b) the enforceability hereof or thereof is 
subject to general principles of equity; or (c) the indemnification 
provisions hereof or thereof may be held to be violative of public policy. 
(e) The issuance, sale and delivery by the Company of the Underlying 
Securities have been or will be prior to the Closing duly authorized by all 
requisite corporate action of the Company. The Warrant Shares are duly 
reserved for issuance upon exercise of the Warrants. (f) Each of the 
Company and its subsidiaries has good and marketable title to, or valid and 
enforceable leasehold estates in, all items of real and personal property 
necessary to conduct its business (including, without limitation, any real 
or personal property stated in the Subscription Documents to be owned or 
leased by the Company and its subsidiaries), free and clear of all liens, 
encumbrances, claims, security interests and defects of any nature 
whatsoever, other than those set forth in the Subscription Documents, and 
liens for taxes not yet due and payable. All of the leases and subleases 
under which the Company is the lessor or sublessor of properties or assets 
or under which the Company holds properties or assets as lessee or 
sublessee are in full force and effect, and the Company is not in default 
with respect to any of the terms or provisions of any of such leases or 
subleases, and no claim has been asserted by anyone adverse to rights of 
the Company as lessor, sublessor, lessee or sublessee under any of the 
leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the right 
of the Company to continued possession of the leased or subleased premises 
or assets under any such lease or sublease. (g) There is no litigation or 
governmental proceeding pending or, to the best of the Company's knowledge, 
threatened against, or involving the Company or its subsidiaries or their 
properties or business, except as set forth in the Subscription Documents. 
The Company is not a party to any order, writ, injunction, judgment or 
decree of any court. (h) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is duly 
organized and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under 
its respective jurisdiction of incorporation. Except for RedRoller and TSE 
and except as set forth in the Subscription Documents, the Company does not 
own or control, directly or indirectly, an interest in any other 
corporation, partnership, trust, joint venture or other business entity. 
The Company owns 100% of the outstanding capital stock of RedRoller. 
RedRoller owns 100% of the outstanding capital stock of TSE. Each of the 
Company and its subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed and in good 
standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which the 
character of its operations requires such qualification or licensing and 
where failure to so qualify would have a Company Material Adverse Effect 
(as defined below). Each of the Company and its subsidiaries has all 
requisite corporate power and authority, and all material and necessary 
authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates and permits of 
and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies (domestic and 
foreign) to conduct its businesses (and proposed business), and each of the 
Company and 6 its subsidiaries is doing business in compliance with all 
such authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates and permits 
and all foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations 
concerning the business in which it is engaged, except where failure to so 
comply would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has 
all corporate power and authority to enter into the Subscription Documents 
and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof and thereof and to 
issue, sell and deliver the Underlying Securities. No consents, 
authorizations, approvals, or orders of, or registration, qualification, 
declaration or filing with, any federal, state or local governmental 
authority on the part of the Company is required in connection herewith and 
therewith or to issue, sell and deliver the Underlying Securities, other 
than registration or qualification, or taking such action to secure 
exemption from such registration or qualification, of the Underlying 
Securities under applicable state, federal or foreign securities laws. For 
purposes of this Agreement, "Company Material Adverse Effect" means a 
material adverse effect on the assets, business, condition (financial or 
otherwise), results of operations or future prospects of the Company. (i) 
Except as set forth in the Subscription Documents, each of the Company and 
its subsidiaries is not in breach of, or in default under, any term or 
provision of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, note, loan or 
credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an 
obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or instrument to 
which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties may be bound, 
except for any breach or default that has not had or would not be 
reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect and excluding 
trade payables and purchase orders as generally described in the 
Subscription Documents. Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is not in 
violation of any provision of its charter or Bylaws or in violation of any 
franchise, license, permit, judgment, decree or order, or in violation of 
any statute, rule or regulation, except for the violation of statutes, 
rules or regulations would not that would not be reasonably likely to have 
a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement and the Subscription Documents, nor the issuance and sale or 
delivery of the Underlying Securities, nor the consummation of any of the 
transactions contemplated herein or in the Subscription Documents, nor the 
compliance by each of the Company and its subsidiaries with the terms and 
provisions hereof or thereof, has conflicted with or will conflict with, or 
has resulted in or will result in a breach of, any of the terms and 
provisions of, or has constituted or will constitute a default under, or 
has resulted in or will result in the creation or imposition of any lien, 
charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company and its 
subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of 
trust, note, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument 
evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or 
instrument to which the Company or its subsidiaries may be bound or to 
which any of the property or assets of the Company or its subsidiaries is 
subject except where such default, lien, charge or encumbrance would not 
have a Company Material Adverse Effect; nor will such action result in any 
violation of the provisions of the charter or the Bylaws of each of the 
Company and its subsidiaries or, assuming the due performance by the 
Placement Agent of its obligations in connection with the Offering, any 
statute, order, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or its 
subsidiaries of any court or of any foreign, federal, state or other 
regulatory authority or other government body having jurisdiction over each 
of the Company and its subsidiaries. (j) Except as set forth on Schedule 
3.2(j) hereto, neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors, 
employees or stockholders has employed any broker or finder in connection 
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement other than the 
Placement Agent and there are no claims for services in the nature of a 
finder's or origination fee with respect to the sale of the Underlying 
Securities. (k) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries owns or possesses, 
free and clear of all liens or encumbrances and rights thereto or therein 
by third parties, the requisite licenses or other rights to use all 
trademarks, service marks, copyrights, service names, trade names, patents, 
patent applications and licenses necessary to conduct its business 
(including, without limitation, any such license, patent or rights 7 
described in the Subscription Documents as being owned or possessed by each 
of the Company and its subsidiaries) and there is no claim or action by any 
person pertaining to, or proceeding, pending or to the Company's knowledge, 
threatened, which challenges the rights of each of the Company and its 
subsidiaries with respect to any trademarks, service marks, copyrights, 
service names, trade names, patents, patent applications and licenses used 
in the conduct of each of the Company's and its subsidiaries' businesses 
(including, without limitation, any such licenses or rights described in 
the Subscription Documents as being owned or possessed by each of the 
Company and its subsidiaries); each of the Company's and its subsidiaries' 
current products, services or processes do not infringe or will not 
infringe on the patents currently held by any third party. (l) Each of the 
Company and its subsidiaries is not under any obligation to pay royalties 
or fees of any kind whatsoever to any third party with respect to any 
trademarks, service marks, copyrights, service names, trade names, patents, 
patent applications, licenses or technology it has developed, uses, employs 
or intends to use or employ, other than to their respective licensors. (m) 
Subject to the performance by the Placement Agent of its obligations in 
connection with the Offering and the accuracy of the representations and 
warranties made by the investors in the Offering in the Subscription 
Documents, the Subscription Documents and the offer and sale of the 
Underlying Securities comply, and will continue to comply, through the 
closing of the Offering with the requirements of Rule 506 of Regulation D 
promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Underlying Securities Act and 
any other applicable federal and state laws, rules, regulations and 
executive orders. Neither the Subscription Documents nor any amendment or 
supplement thereto, nor any other documents prepared by the Company in 
connection with the Offering contain any untrue statement of a material 
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or 
necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances 
under which they were made, not misleading. All statements of material 
facts in the Subscription Documents are true and correct as of the date of 
the Subscription Documents and will be true and correct in all material 
respects on the date of the closing of the Offering. (n) RESERVED. (o) The 
financial statements of RedRoller included in the Memorandum fairly present 
the financial position, results of operations, stockholders equity and cash 
flows, in all material respects, of RedRoller at the respective dates 
thereof and for the periods referred to therein. (p) Neither the Company 
nor its subsidiaries, nor any of their respective officers, directors, 
employees or agents, nor any other person acting on behalf of the Company 
or its subsidiaries has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give 
any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to 
customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, 
employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any 
governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or 
foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or 
foreign) or other person who is or may be in a position to help or hinder 
the business of each of the Company or its subsidiaries (or assist it in 
connection with any actual or proposed transaction) which (A) might subject 
the Company and its subsidiaries to any material damage or penalty in any 
civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, or (B) if not 
given in the past, might have had a Company Material Adverse Effect on the 
assets, business or operations of the Company or its subsidiaries, or (C) 
if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business 
or operations of the Company or its subsidiaries in the future. (q) 
Assuming (i) the accuracy of the information provided by the Investor and 
the other investors in the Offering in the Subscription Documents and (ii) 
that the Placement Agent has complied in all material respects with their 
obligations under the Placement Agent Agreement, the offer and sale of 8 
the Units pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Documents are exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder. (r) When the Warrant Shares shall have 
been duly delivered to the purchaser and payment shall have been made 
therefor, the purchasers shall have good and marketable title to the 
Warrant Shares free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and claims 
whatsoever and the Company shall have paid all taxes, if any, in respect of 
the original issuance thereof. (s) The Company understands that the 
representations and warranties set forth in this Section 3.2 shall be 
deemed material and to have been relied upon by the Investor. No 
representation or warranty by the Company in this Agreement, and no written 
statement contained in any document, certificate or other writing delivered 
by the Company to the Investor contains any untrue statement of material 
fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements 
herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were 
made, not misleading. (t) RESERVED. (u) RESERVED. (v) Except as set forth 
on Schedule 3.2(v) hereto, as of the date hereof, the Company has no 
contractual liability or any other liability, whether accrued, contingent, 
absolute, determined, indeterminable or otherwise, which was not (i) 
reflected or reserved against in the financial statements of RedRoller 
included in the Memorandum or (ii) incurred in the ordinary course of 
business, consistent with past practice since its inception. (w) To the 
best of Company's knowledge, since September 30, 2007, the Company has not 
incurred any liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, not 
consistent with its past practices, or entered into any transaction not 
consistent with its past practices, which is material to the business of 
the Company, and, since the date of the Memorandum, except for the 
transactions contemplated by or occurring in connection with the Merger and 
the Offering, there has not been any change in the capital stock of, or any 
incurrence of funded debt by, the Company, or any issuance of options, 
warrants or other rights to purchase the capital stock of the Company, or 
any adverse change or any development involving, so far as the Company can 
now reasonably foresee, a prospective adverse change in the condition 
(financial or otherwise), net worth, results of operations, business, key 
personnel or properties which would be material to the business or 
financial condition of the Company, and the Company has not become a party 
to, and neither the business nor the property of the Company has become the 
subject of, any material litigation whether or not in the ordinary course 
of business. (x) The Company has filed all Federal, State, local and 
foreign tax returns, if any, which are required to be filed by it to the 
relevant agencies and all such returns are true and correct in all material 
respects except as the Company has paid all taxes pursuant to such returns 
or pursuant to any assessments received by it or which it is obligated to 
withhold from amounts owing to any employee, creditor or third party. The 
Company has properly accrued all taxes required to be accrued by generally 
accepted accounting principals consistently applied. To the best of current 
management's knowledge, the tax returns of the Company have never been 
audited by any state, local or Federal authorities. The Company has not 
waived any statute of limitations with respect to taxes or agreed to any 
extension of time with respect to any tax assessment or deficiency. (y) 
Except with respect to holders of the Units, no person has any right to 
cause the Company to effect the registration under the Securities Act of 
any securities of the Company. The Company shall grant registration rights 
under the Securities Act to the investors in the Offering and/or 9 their 
transferees as more fully described in the Registration Rights Agreement 
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the "Registration Rights Agreement"). No 
person, firm or other business entity is a party to any agreement, contract 
or understanding, written or oral entitling such party to a right of first 
refusal with respect to offerings by the Company. (z) Except as described 
in Schedule 3.2(z), there is no control share acquisition, business 
combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights 
agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Company's 
charter documents or the laws of its state of incorporation ("Takeover 
Protections") that is or could become applicable to any of the investors in 
the Offering as a result of such investors and the Company fulfilling their 
obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, 
including, without limitation, as a result of the Company's issuance of the 
Underlying Securities and the investors' ownership of the Underlying 
Securities. (aa) The Company and its subsidiaries own, or possess adequate 
rights or licenses to use, all trademarks, trade names, service marks, 
service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, 
copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, 
trade secrets and other intellectual property rights ("Intellectual 
Property Rights") necessary to conduct their respective businesses as 
presently conducted. There is no current claim, action or proceeding, or to 
the knowledge of the Company, being threatened or brought, against the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries regarding its Intellectual Property 
Rights. The Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances, which might 
give rise to any of the foregoing infringements or claims, actions or 
proceedings. The Company and its subsidiaries have taken reasonable 
security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all 
of their Intellectual Property Rights. None of the Company's Intellectual 
Property Rights have expired, terminated or have been abandoned, or are 
expected to expire or terminate without renewal, or be abandoned, within 
three years from the date of this Agreement, except for such expirations or 
terminations without renewal, or abandonments, in either case which would 
not, individually or in the aggregate have a Company Material Adverse 
Effect. (bb) The Company and its subsidiaries are insured by insurers of 
recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in 
such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses and location in 
which the Company and the subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor 
any Subsidiary has any knowledge that it will not be able to renew its 
existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain 
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its 
business without a significant increase in cost. (cc) None of the officers, 
directors or employees of the Company is a party to any transaction that 
would be required to be reported on Form 10-KSB with the Company or any of 
its subsidiaries (other than for ordinary course services as employees, 
officers or directors), including any contract, agreement or other 
arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing 
for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring 
payments to or from any such officer, director or employee or, to the 
Company's knowledge, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in 
which any such officer, director, or employee has a substantial interest or 
is an officer, director, trustee or partner. (dd) The Company is in 
compliance with applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
and applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder, 
except where such noncompliance would not have, individually or in the 
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. (ee) RESERVED. (ff) RESERVED. 
10 (gg) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.2 (gg) hereto, neither the 
Company nor any of its subsidiaries (i) has any outstanding Indebtedness 
(as defined below), (ii) is in violation of any term of or in default under 
any contract, agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness, except 
where such violations and defaults would not result, individually or in the 
aggregate, in a Company Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) is a party to any 
contract, agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness, the 
performance of which, in the judgment of the Company's officers, has or is 
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 3.2(gg) 
provides a detailed description of the material terms of any such 
outstanding Indebtedness. For purposes of this Agreement: (x) 
"Indebtedness" of any Person means, without duplication (A) all 
indebtedness for borrowed money, (B) all obligations issued, undertaken or 
assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than 
trade payables entered into in the ordinary course of business), (C) all 
reimbursement or payment obligations with respect to letters of credit, 
surety bonds and other similar instruments, (D) all obligations evidenced 
by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, including obligations 
so evidenced incurred in connection with the acquisition of property, 
assets or businesses, (E) all indebtedness created or arising under any 
conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or incurred as 
financing, in either case with respect to any property or assets acquired 
with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even though the rights and remedies 
of the seller or bank under such agreement in the event of default are 
limited to repossession or sale of such property), (F) all monetary 
obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in connection 
with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied for the 
periods covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (G) all 
indebtedness referred to in clauses (A) through (F) above secured by (or 
for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent 
or otherwise, to be secured by) any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, 
security interest or other encumbrance upon or in any property or assets 
(including accounts and contract rights) owned by any Person, even though 
the Person which owns such assets or property has not assumed or become 
liable for the payment of such indebtedness, and (H) all Contingent 
Obligations in respect of indebtedness or obligations of others of the 
kinds referred to in clauses (A) through (G) above; (y) "Contingent 
Obligation" means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect liability, 
contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to any indebtedness, 
lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the primary 
purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the primary 
effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such liability 
that such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements 
relating thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such 
liability will be protected (in whole or in part) against loss with respect 
thereto; and (z) "Person" means an individual, a limited liability company, 
a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated 
organization and a government or any department or agency thereof. (hh) 
Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any collective 
bargaining agreement or employs any member of a union. The Company and its 
subsidiaries believe that their relations with their employees are good. No 
executive officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (as defined in 
Rule 501(f) of the Securities Act) has notified the Company or any such 
Subsidiary that such officer intends to leave the Company or any such 
Subsidiary or otherwise terminate such officer's employment with the 
Company or any such Subsidiary. No executive officer of the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries, to the knowledge of the Company or any such 
Subsidiary, is now, or expects to be, in violation of any material term of 
any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary 
information agreement, non-competition agreement, or any other contract, 
agreement or any restrictive covenant, and the continued employment of each 
such executive officer does not subject the Company or any such Subsidiary 
to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company 
and its subsidiaries are in compliance with all federal, state, local and 
foreign laws and regulations respecting labor, employment and employment 
practices and benefits, terms and conditions of employment and wages and 
hours, except where failure to be in compliance would not, either 
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a 
Company Material Adverse Effect. There are no material complaints or 
charges against the Company or its subsidiaries pending or, to the 
knowledge of the 11 Company and its subsidiaries, threatened to be filed 
with any Governmental Authority or arbitrator based on, arising out of, in 
connection with, or otherwise relating to the employment or termination of 
employment by the Company or its subsidiaries of any individual. (ii) The 
Company and its subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all 
Environmental Laws (as hereinafter defined), (ii) have received all 
permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable 
Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) are in 
compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or 
approval where, in each of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the 
failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or 
in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. The term 
"Environmental Laws" means all federal, state, local or foreign laws 
relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment 
(including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, 
land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws 
relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of 
chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or 
wastes (collectively, "Hazardous Materials") into the environment, or 
otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, 
treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, 
as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, 
injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, 
permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved 
thereunder. 4. REGISTRATION RIGHTS The Investor shall have registration 
rights with respect to the Shares issued and held of record by the Investor 
and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, as set forth in 
greater detail in the Registration Rights Agreement. 5. INSIDER TRADING 
PROHIBITION; INDEMNITY; ESCROW RELEASE (a) Until the filing by Pubco of a 
current report on Form 8-K with the SEC describing the Merger and the 
Offering, the Investor hereby agrees to (i) refrain from (A) engaging in 
any transactions with respect to the capital stock of Pubco or securities 
exercisable or convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital 
stock of Pubco, and (B) entering into any transaction which would have the 
same effect, or entering into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that 
transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of 
ownership of the capital stock of Pubco and (ii) indemnify and hold 
harmless Pubco, the Placement Agent, and their respective officers and 
directors, employees, agents, sub-agents and affiliates and each other 
Person, if any, who controls any of the foregoing, against any loss, 
liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited 
to, any and all expenses whatsoever reasonably incurred in investigating, 
preparing or defending against any litigation commenced or threatened or 
any claim whatsoever) arising out of or based upon any violation of this 
Section 5 by the Investor. (b) The Investor agrees to indemnify and hold 
harmless Pubco, the Placement Agent, the Escrow Agent and their respective 
officers and directors, employees, agents, sub-agents and affiliates and 
each other Person, if any, who controls any of the foregoing, against any 
loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not 
limited to, any and all expenses whatsoever reasonably incurred in 
investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation commenced or 
threatened or any claim whatsoever) arising out of or based upon any false 
representation or warranty by the Investor, or the Investor's breach of, or 
failure to comply with, any covenant or agreement made by the Investor 
herein or in any other document furnished by the Investor to Pubco, the 
Placement Agent, the Escrow Agent and their respective officers and 
directors, employees, agents, sub-agents and affiliates and each other 
Person, if any, who controls any of the foregoing in connection with the 
Offering. 12 (c) The subscriber acknowledges that the Placement Agent may 
act on behalf of the subscribers, solely for the sake of convenience, in 
connection with confirmation to the Escrow Agent that the Closing has 
occurred and thereby direct the Escrow Agent to disburse the subscription 
funds held in escrow to Pubco at such time. 6. CONDITIONS TO ACCEPTANCE OF 
SUBSCRIPTION Pubco's right to accept the subscription of the Investor is 
conditioned upon satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on or 
before the date Pubco accepts such subscription (any or all of which may be 
waived by the Investor in his, her or its sole discretion): (a) On the date 
of the Closing, no legal action, suit or proceeding shall be pending which 
seeks to restrain or prohibit the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement. (b) The closing of the Merger shall occur concurrently with or 
prior to the acceptance of this subscription. 7. NOTICES TO SUBSCRIBERS (a) 
THE UNDERLYING SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN 
RELIANCE ON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND SUCH LAWS. THE SHARES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE 
SEC, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR 
HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF 
THIS OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THE MEMORANDUM. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS UNLAWFUL. (b) THE UNDERLYING SECURITIES 
ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND 
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION 
THEREFROM. SUBSCRIBERS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR 
THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
(c) THE SALE OF THE SECURITIES THAT ARE THE SUBJECT OF THIS OFFERING HAS 
NOT BEEN QUALIFIED WITH THE COMMISSIONER OF CORPORATIONS OF THE STATE OF 
CALIFORNIA AND THE ISSUANCE OF SUCH SECURITIES OR THE PAYMENT OR RECEIPT OF 
ANY PART OF THE CONSIDERATION FOR SUCH SECURITIES PRIOR TO SUCH 
QUALIFICATION IS UNLAWFUL, UNLESS THE SALE OF THE SECURITIES IS EXEMPT FROM 
QUALIFICATION BY SECTION 25000, 25102 OR 25105 OF THE CALIFORNIA 
CORPORATIONS CODE. THE RIGHTS OF ALL PARTIES ARE EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON 
SUCH QUALIFICATION BEING OBTAINED, UNLESS THE SALE IS SO EXEMPT. 8. 
INDEMNIFICATION 8.1 The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Investor, its directors, officers and employees, and each other person or 
entity, if any, who controls the Investor (within the meaning of Section 15 
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) (each a "Company 
Indemnified Person"), from and against, and the Company agrees that no 
Indemnified Person shall have any liability to the Company or its owners, 
parents, affiliates, securityholders or creditors for, any losses, claims, 
13 damages, liabilities or expenses (including actions, claims or 
proceedings in respect thereof brought by or against any person, including 
stockholders of the Company, and the cost of any investigation and 
preparation therefore and defense thereof) (collectively, "Investor 
Losses") related to or arising out of or relating to (i) any 
misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the 
Company in this Agreement or (ii) any breach of any covenant, agreement or 
obligation of the Company contained in the Transaction Documents. 8.2 The 
Investor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, 
officers and employees, and each other person or entity, if any, who 
controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities 
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) (collectively, "Investor Indemnified 
Persons and, together with the Company Indemnified Persons, the 
"Indemnified Persons"), from and against, and the Investor agrees that no 
Investor Indemnified Person shall have any liability to the Investor or its 
owners, parents, affiliates, securityholders or creditors for any for, any 
losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses (including actions, claims 
or proceedings in respect thereof) brought by or against any person, and 
the cost of any investigation and preparation therefore and defense thereof 
(collectively, "Company Losses" and, together with the Investor Losses, 
"Losses") arising out of or relating to any misrepresentation or breach of 
any representation or warranty made by the Investor to the Company in the 
Transaction Documents. The maximum aggregate payment that the Investor 
shall be liable to pay out hereunder in respect of indemnification of the 
Investor Indemnified Persons shall be limited, in the aggregate, to the 
Aggregate Purchase Price. 8.3 Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified 
Person (each an "indemnified party") under this Section 8 of notice of the 
commencement of any action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in 
respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this 
Section 8, notify in writing the indemnifying party of the commencement 
thereof, however, that no delay on the part of the indemnified party in 
notifying the indemnifying party shall relieve the indemnifying party from 
any obligation hereunder unless the indemnifying party is prejudiced by 
such delay. In case any such action is brought against any indemnified 
party, and it notifies an indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, 
the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate therein, and to the 
extent that it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party, 
similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel who shall 
be to the reasonable satisfaction of such indemnified party, and after 
notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its 
election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party will not 
be liable to such indemnified party under this Section 8 for any legal or 
other expenses subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in 
connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of 
investigation; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if, in the reasonable judgment of 
the indemnified party, it is advisable for the indemnified party to be 
represented by separate counsel, the indemnified party shall have the right 
to employ a single counsel only to represent the indemnified parties who 
may be subject to liability arising out of any claim in respect of which 
indemnity may be sought by the indemnified parties thereof against the 
indemnifying party, in which event the fees and expenses of such separate 
counsel shall be borne by the indemnifying party. Any such indemnifying 
party shall not be liable to any such indemnified party on account of any 
settlement of any claim or action effected without the consent of such 
indemnifying party. If such an indemnity provided for in this Agreement is 
unavailable or insufficient for any Indemnified Person with respect to any 
Losses (other than by reason of the gross negligence or bad faith of such 
indemnifying party), then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying 
such Indemnified Person, will contribute to the amount paid or payable by 
such Indemnified Person as a result of such Losses (i) in such proportion 
as it is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the 
Company on the one hand, and the Investor, on the other hand, from the 
transactions contemplated hereunder (the "Transactions"), or (ii) if the 
allocation provided by (i) above is not permitted by applicable law in such 
proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits 
referred to in (i) above, but also the 14 relative fault on the Company, on 
the one hand, and of the Investor on the other hand in connection with 
statements or omissions that resulted in Losses as well as any other 
relevant equitable considerations. The Company and the Investor agree that 
it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 
8 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of 
allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations 
referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. THE INVESTOR HEREBY 
AGREES AND THE COMPANY HEREBY AGREES, ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF 
ITS SECURITYHOLDERS, TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO 
ANY CLAIM, COUNTER-CLAIM OR ACTION ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT. 9. 
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS (a) Confidential Information. The subscriber 
agrees that no portion of the Confidential Information (as defined below) 
shall be disclosed to third parties, except as may be required by law, 
without the prior express written consent of Pubco; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that 
the subscriber may share such information with such of its officers and 
professional advisors as may need to know such information to assist the 
subscriber in its evaluation thereof on the condition that such parties 
agree to be bound by the terms hereof. "Confidential Information" means the 
existence and terms of this Agreement, the transactions contemplated 
hereby, and the disclosures and other information contained herein or in 
the Memorandum, excluding any disclosures or other information that are 
publicly available. (b) Modification. Neither this Agreement, nor any 
provisions hereof, shall be waived, modified, discharged or terminated 
except by an instrument in writing signed by the party against whom any 
waiver, modification, discharge or termination is sought. (b) Survival. The 
Company's and the Investor's representations and warranties made in this 
Agreement shall survive until the second anniversary of the Closing. (c) 
Notices. Any party may send any notice, request, demand, claim or other 
communication hereunder to the Investor at the address set forth on the 
signature page of this Agreement or to Pubco at the address set forth above 
using any means (including personal delivery, expedited courier, messenger 
service, fax, ordinary mail or electronic mail), but no such notice, 
request, demand, claim or other communication will be deemed to have been 
duly given unless and until it actually is received by the intended 
recipient. Any party may change the address to which notices, requests, 
demands, claims and other communications hereunder are to be delivered by 
giving the other parties written notice in the manner herein set forth. (d) 
Binding Effect. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall 
be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties to this Agreement 
and their heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal 
representatives and permitted assigns. If the Investor is more than one 
person or entity, the obligation of the Investor shall be joint and several 
and the agreements, representations, warranties and acknowledgments 
contained herein shall be deemed to be made by, and be binding upon, each 
such person or entity and his or its heirs, executors, administrators, 
successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns. This Agreement 
sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to 
the subject matter thereof and merges and supersedes all prior discussions, 
agreements and understandings of any and every nature among them, as to the 
subject matter hereof. (e) Assignability. This Agreement is not 
transferable or assignable by the Investor. 15 (f) Governing Law. This 
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of 
the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law 
principles. (g) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. (h) Further 
Assurances. Each of the parties shall execute such documents and perform 
such further acts (including, without limitation, obtaining any consents, 
exemptions, authorizations, or other actions by, or giving any notices to, 
or making any filings with, any governmental authority or any other Person) 
as may be reasonably required or desirable to carry out or to perform the 
provisions of this Agreement. (i) Severability. If any one or more of the 
provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any 
circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect for 
any reason, the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision 
in every other respect and of the remaining provisions hereof shall not be 
in any way impaired, unless the provisions held invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable shall substantially impair the benefits of the remaining 
provisions hereof. [REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK - SCHEDULES 
TO SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT AND SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 16 Schedule 3.2(v) 
--------------- 1. RedRoller expects to incur a liability of approximately 
~$41,000 in connection with the termination of its 401(k) Plan. Schedule 
3.2(z) --------------- 1. Pubco's Amended and Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation of Pubco authorizes the issuance of 25,000,000 shares of 
"blank-check preferred stock." Schedule 3.2(gg) ---------------- 1. 
RedRoller has borrowed $200,000 from Michael Polizzi, a stockholder of the 
Company, pursuant to a 3% Promissory Note dated as of March 30, 2007, as 
amended (the "Polizzi Note"). The principal amount of the Polizzi Note and 
all accrued interest is due and payable on September 30, 2008. 17 ALL 
SUBSCRIBERS MUST COMPLETE THIS PAGE IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has 
executed this Agreement on the ___ day of ____________ 2007. 
________________________ x $3.40 for each Unit = $_____________________ 
Units subscribed for Aggregate Purchase Price Manner in which title is to 
be held (please check one): 1. ___ Individual 7. ___ Trust/Estate/Pension 
or Profit sharing Plan Date 2. ___ Joint Tenants with Right of 
Opened:______________ Survivorship 8. ___ As a Custodian for 
____________________________ Under the Uniform Gift to Minors Act of the 
State of 3. ___ Community Property ____________________________ 4. ___ 
Tenants in Common 9. ___ Married with Separate 5. ___ 
Corporation/Partnership/ Limited Property Liability Company 10. ___ Keogh 
6. ___ IRA 11. ___ Tenants by the Entirety IF MORE THAN ONE SUBSCRIBER, 
EACH SUBSCRIBER MUST SIGN. INDIVIDUAL SUBSCRIBERS MUST COMPLETE PAGE 19. 
SUBSCRIBERS WHICH ARE ENTITIES MUST COMPLETE PAGE 20. 18 EXECUTION BY 
NATURAL PERSONS 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Exact Name in Which Title is to be Held --------------------------------- 
----------------------------------- Name (Please Print) Name of Additional 
Purchaser --------------------------------- 
----------------------------------- Residence: Number and Street Address of 
Additional Purchaser --------------------------------- 
----------------------------------- City, State and Zip Code City, State 
and Zip Code --------------------------------- 
----------------------------------- Social Security Number Social Security 
Number --------------------------------- 
----------------------------------- Telephone Number Telephone Number 
--------------------------------- ----------------------------------- Fax 
Number (if available) Fax Number (if available) 
--------------------------------- ----------------------------------- 
E-Mail (if available) E-Mail (if available) 
--------------------------------- ----------------------------------- 
(Signature) (Signature of Additional Purchaser) ACCEPTED this __ day of 
_________ 2007, on behalf of Pubco. By: 
-------------------------------------- Name: Title: 19 EXECUTION BY 
SUBSCRIBER WHICH IS AN ENTITY (Corporation, Partnership, LLC, Trust, Etc.) 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Name of Entity (Please Print) Date of Incorporation or Organization: 
_________________________________________ State of Principal Office: 
_____________________________________________________ Federal Taxpayer 
Identification Number: _______________________________________ 
-------------------------------------------- Office Address 
-------------------------------------------- City, State and Zip Code 
-------------------------------------------- Telephone Number 
-------------------------------------------- Fax Number (if available) 
-------------------------------------------- E-Mail (if available) By: 
_________________________ Name: Title: ACCEPTED this ___ day of _________ 
2007, on behalf of Pubco. By: ____________________________ Name: Title: 20 
EXHIBIT A 21 EXHIBIT B 22