 EX-10.1 3 a07-29133_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
VOTING AND IRREVOCABLE PROXY AGREEMENT
 
THIS VOTING AND IRREVOCABLE PROXY AGREEMENT (this Voting Agreement) is 
made and entered into as of November 8, 2007 between AAR Manufacturing, 
Inc., an Illinois corporation (AAR), and the undersigned shareholder (
Shareholder) of Summa Technology, Inc., an Alabama corporation (Summa).
 
RECITALS
 
A.                                   Concurrently with the execution of 
this Voting Agreement, AAR and Summa are entering into an Agreement and 
Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), which provides for the merger of a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of AAR with and into Summa, with Summa being the 
surviving entity (the Merger).
 
B.                                     As a condition and inducement to 
AARs willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, Shareholder and AAR 
are entering into this Voting Agreement to provide for the voting of 
Shareholders shares of capital stock of Summa, on the terms and subject to 
the conditions set forth in this Voting Agreement.
 
AGREEMENT
 
In consideration of the premises and the covenants and agreements contained 
in this Voting Agreement and the Merger Agreement and other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are 
acknowledged, the parties to this Voting Agreement agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
AGREEMENT TO RETAIN SHARES
 
Section 1.1                                   Transfer and Encumbrance.  
Shareholder agrees not to transfer, sell, exchange, pledge or otherwise 
dispose of or encumber any and all shares of capital stock of Summa (a) 
owned of record by Shareholder or (b) beneficially held by Shareholder, as 
of the date first written above (collectively, the Shares), or any New 
Shares (as defined in Section 1.2 below), except (i) transfers by will or 
by operation of law, in which case this Agreement shall bind the 
transferee, and (ii) transfers in connection with estate and tax planning 
purposes, including transfers to relatives, trusts and charitable 
organizations, subject to the transferee agreeing in writing to be bound by 
the terms of this Agreement. Shareholder further agrees not to make any 
offer or agreement relating to either the Shares or any New Shares, at any 
time prior to the Expiration Date.  As used in this Voting Agreement, the 
term Expiration Date means the earlier to occur of (a) the Effective Time 
(as defined in the Merger Agreement) and (b) termination of the Merger 
Agreement in accordance with Section 11.1 thereof.
 
Section 1.2                                   New Shares.  Shareholder 
agrees that the terms and conditions of this Voting Agreement shall apply 
to, and Shareholder agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this 
Voting Agreement with respect to, Shareholders interest in (a) the Shares 
and (b) any and all shares of capital stock of Summa (i) that Shareholder 
purchases or acquires, or
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(ii) with respect to which Shareholder otherwise acquires beneficial 
ownership (the New Shares), in each case after the date first written 
above and prior to the Expiration Date.
 
ARTICLE II
AGREEMENT TO VOTE SHARES
 
Section 2.1                                   Agreement to Vote.  Until the 
Expiration Date, at every meeting of the shareholders of Summa called with 
respect to any of the following, and on every action or written consent of 
the shareholders of Summa with respect to any of the following, Shareholder 
agrees to vote the Shares and any New Shares (a) in favor of approval of 
the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the 
Merger Agreement, and any matter that could reasonably be expected to 
facilitate the Merger, (b) against approval of any proposal made in 
opposition to or competition with consummation of the Merger, (c) against 
any merger, consolidation, sale of assets, reorganization or 
recapitalization, with any party other than with AAR or any of its 
affiliates, and (d) against any liquidation or winding up of Summa (each of 
Sections 2.1(b), 2.1(c) and 2.1(d), an Opposing Proposal).  Shareholder 
further agrees that, prior to the Expiration Date, Shareholder will not, 
directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage any offer from any party 
concerning the possible disposition of all or any substantial portion of 
Summas business, assets or capital stock; provided, however, that the 
foregoing limitation shall not restrict Eyvinne C. Lee, Trustee of 
Shareholder, in his capacity as a director of Summa, from discharging his 
fiduciary duties in a manner consistent with the terms of the Merger 
Agreement.
 
ARTICLE III
APPOINTMENT OF PROXY
 
Section 3.1                                   Appointment of Proxy.  To 
secure Shareholders obligation to vote Shareholders Shares and any New 
Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.1 of this Voting 
Agreement, Shareholder does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint AAR, 
or any nominee of AAR, with full power of substitution, from the date of 
this Voting Agreement until the Expiration Date, as its true and lawful 
proxy, for and in its name, place and stead, including the right to sign 
its name (as a shareholder) to any consent, certificate or other document 
relating to Summa that applicable law may permit or require, to cause the 
Shares and any New Shares to be voted in the manner contemplated by Section 
2.1 of this Voting Agreement.  Shareholder hereby revokes all other proxies 
and powers of attorney with respect to the Shares or any New Shares that 
Shareholder may have appointed or granted, and Shareholder will not give a 
subsequent proxy or power of attorney (and if given, any such subsequent 
proxy or power of attorney will not be effective) or enter into any other 
voting agreement with respect to the Shares or any New Shares prior to the 
Expiration Date, in each case with respect to the matters contemplated by 
Section 2.1 of this Voting Agreement.  AAR agrees that it will not exercise 
its right to act as Shareholders proxy unless and until AAR has requested 
that Shareholder vote the Shares and any New Shares in the manner 
contemplated by Section 2.1 of this Voting Agreement and Shareholder has 
failed to do so.
 
THE VOTING ARRANGEMENT IN THIS VOTING AGREEMENT IS IRREVO-CABLE UNTIL THE 
EXPIRATION DATE.  THE PROXIES AND POWERS GRANTED BY SHAREHOLDER PURSUANT TO 
THIS SECTION 3.1 ARE COUPLED WITH AN INTEREST AND ARE GIVEN TO SECURE THE 
PERFORMANCE OF SHAREHOLDERS
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
DUTIES UNDER THIS VOTING AGREEMENT, AND TO FACILITATE THE PURCHASE OF THE 
SHARES AND ANY NEW SHARES AS CONTEMPLATED BY THE MERGER AGREEMENT.
 
ARTICLE IV
NO PROXY SOLICITATIONS
 
Section 4.1                                   No Proxy Solicitations.  
Shareholder will not, and will not permit any entity under such 
Shareholders control to, (a) solicit proxies or become a participant in 
a solicitation, as such terms are defined in Regulation 14A under the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), with 
respect to an Opposing Proposal or otherwise encourage or assist any party 
in taking or planning any action that would compete with, restrain or 
otherwise serve to interfere with or inhibit the timely consummation of the 
Merger in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, (b) initiate a 
shareholders vote or action by consent of Summas shareholders with 
respect to an Opposing Proposal, or (c) become a member of a group (as 
such term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) with respect to any 
voting securities of Summa in furtherance of an Opposing Proposal; 
provided, however, that the foregoing limitation shall not restrict Eyvinne 
C. Lee, Trustee of Shareholder, in his capacity as a director of Summa, 
from discharging his fiduciary duties in a manner consistent with the terms 
of the Merger Agreement.
 
ARTICLE V
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SHAREHOLDER
 
Shareholder represents and warrants to AAR as follows:
 
Section 5.1                                   Ownership of Shares.  Except 
as set forth in Exhibit A, Shareholder is the sole record and beneficial 
owner and holder of the Shares, all of which are listed on Exhibit A, and 
will be the sole record and beneficial owner and holder of any New Shares.  
Except as set forth in Exhibit A, the Shares and any New Shares are, as of 
the date of this Voting Agreement, and at all times through the Expiration 
Date will be, free and clear of any liens, claims, options, charges, 
security interests, equities, options, warrants, rights to purchase 
(including, without limitation, restrictions on rights of disposition other 
than those imposed by applicable securities laws), third-party rights of 
any nature or other encumbrances, except as provided for in this Voting 
Agreement or the Merger Agreement.
 
Section 5.2                                   Status.  Shareholder has been 
fully involved with the negotiations between AAR and Summa with respect to 
the Merger and is a sophisticated investor aware of and familiar with 
Summas business affairs and financial condition, and has acquired 
sufficient information with respect to the Merger and the Merger Agreement 
to reach a knowledgeable and informed decision to enter into this Voting 
Agreement.  Shareholder has independently concluded in Shareholders 
capacity as an individual shareholder of Summa that it is in Shareholders 
best interest to execute, deliver and perform Shareholders obligations 
under this Voting Agreement. Shareholder represents and acknowledges that 
Shareholder has had the opportunity to seek and obtain the advice of legal 
counsel with respect to this Voting Agreement.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 5.3                                   Authority.  Shareholder has 
full power, authority and legal capacity to make, enter into and carry out 
the terms of this Voting Agreement and has duly executed and delivered this 
Voting Agreement.  This Voting Agreement constitutes a valid and binding 
obligation of Shareholder.
 
Section 5.4                                   Voting Power.  Shareholder 
represents that, except as set forth on Exhibit A, Shareholder has sole and 
unrestricted voting power with respect to such Shares.
 
ARTICLE VI
TERMINATION
 
Section 6.1                                   Termination.  This Voting 
Agreement will terminate and will have no further force or effect as of the 
Expiration Date.
 
ARTICLE VII
NO LIABILITY FOR VOTING DECISIONS
 
Section 7.1                                   No Liability.  Shareholder 
acknowledges and agrees that AAR and its directors and officers shall not 
be liable to Shareholder with respect to or in connection with any and all 
voting decision(s) made in accordance with this Voting Agreement during the 
term of this Voting Agreement.
 
ARTICLE VIII
MISCELLANEOUS
 
Section 8.1                                   Entire Agreement.  This 
Voting Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties in 
respect of the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior negotiations 
and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
 
Section 8.2                                   Binding Effect and Assignment
.  This Voting Agreement and all of the provisions hereof will be binding 
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective 
successors and permitted assigns.  Neither this Voting Agreement nor any of 
the rights, interests or obligations of the parties hereto may be assigned 
by any of the parties without prior written consent of the others, except 
that AAR may assign its rights and obligations under this Voting Agreement 
in a manner consistent with Section 12.3 of the Merger Agreement.
 
Section 8.3                                   Amendments and Modification. 
 This Voting Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered or 
supplemented except upon the execution and delivery of a written agreement 
executed by the parties to this Voting Agreement.
 
Section 8.4                                   Governing Law.  This Voting 
Agreement will be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with, 
the internal laws of the State of Alabama as such laws are applied to 
contracts entered into and to be performed entirely within the State of 
Alabama.
 
Section 8.5                                   Specific Performance; 
Injunctive Relief.  Shareholder acknowledges that AAR would be irreparably 
harmed by, and there would be no adequate remedy at law for, a violation of 
any of the covenants or agreements of Shareholder contained in this Voting 
Agreement.  Therefore, it is agreed that, in addition to any other remedies 
that may be available
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
to AAR upon any such violation, AAR will have the right to enforce such 
covenants and agreements by specific performance, injunctive relief or by 
any other means available at law or in equity.
 
Section 8.6                                   Severability.  If any term, 
provision, covenant or restriction of this Voting Agreement is held by a 
court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, then 
the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this 
Voting Agreement will remain in full force and effect and will in no way be 
affected, impaired or invalidated.
 
Section 8.7                                   Delays or Omissions.  No 
waiver by any party of any right, power, default, misrepresentation or 
breach under this Voting Agreement, whether intentional or not, will be 
deemed to extend to any prior or subsequent right, power, default, 
misrepresentation or breach under this Voting Agreement.  Any waiver, 
permit, consent or approval of any kind or character on the part of any 
party of any breach or default under this Voting Agreement, or any waiver 
on the part of any party of any provisions or conditions of this Voting 
Agreement, must be in writing and will be effective only to the extent 
specifically set forth in such writing.
 
Section 8.8                                   Enforcement Fees and Costs.  
In the event legal action is required to be taken or commenced by AAR 
against Shareholder for the enforcement of any of the covenants, terms or 
conditions of this Voting Agreement, Shareholder will be liable for all 
reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by AAR in connection with 
such legal action, provided that AAR is the prevailing party in the legal 
action.  If the Shareholder prevails in such legal action, AAR shall pay 
and be liable for all reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by 
Shareholder in connection with such legal action.
 
Section 8.9                                   Counterparts; Delivery by 
Facsimile.  This Voting Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, 
each of which will be an original, but all of which together will 
constitute one and the same agreement.  The parties agree and acknowledge 
that delivery of a facsimile, photo or other electronic signature copy will 
constitute execution by such signatory.
 
 
[Remainder Of This Page Intentionally Left Blank.  Signature Page Follows.]
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
The parties have executed this Voting Agreement on the date first above 
written.
 
 
AAR MANUFACTURING, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
Name:
 
 
 
SHAREHOLDER
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eyvinne C. Lee, as Trustee of Eyvinne
 
Lee Charitable Remainder Trust
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT A
 
Number of Shares
 
Capacity Held
(If not held directly)
 
Lien Exceptions
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------