 EX-10.2 3 envk10qsb093007ex102.htm
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.2

 

REVOLVING DEMAND PROMISSORY NOTE

Initially $969,000

(as amended from time to time on Exhibit A) Effective July 19, 2007

LRM Industries, LLC ("Maker"), promises to pay to the order of NOVA 
Chemicals Inc. ("Holder"), at Holder's office or at such other place as 
Holder may designate in writing, in lawful money of the United States of 
America, the principal sum of the Outstanding Loan Amount on demand. The 
"Outstanding Loan Amount" shall initially be $969,000 but shall be amended 
to reflect additional loans ("Additional Loans") made by Holder to Maker 
from time to time, in the sole discretion of Holder, as set forth in 
Exhibit A hereto. Upon the making of each Additional Loan, Maker and Holder 
shall initial the entry of such Additional Loan amount on Exhibit A. 
Interest shall accrue from the date of this Note, with respect to the 
initial Outstanding Loan Amount, and from the date of each Additional Loan, 
with respect to the amount of each such Additional Loan, at a rate of 8.25% 
per annum, compounded quarterly, until paid.

This Note, together with accrued and unpaid interest to date, may be 
prepaid in whole or in part at any time by Maker.

In connection with the enforcement of Holder's rights hereunder, Maker 
waives diligence, presentment, protest, demand and notice of any kind 
whatsoever. The non-exercise by Holder of any of its rights hereunder in 
any particular instance shall not constitute a waiver thereof in any 
subsequent instance.

In the event of any default hereunder, Maker agrees to pay all costs and 
expenses of collection, including without limitation, reasonable attorneys' 
fees.

This Note shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
internal laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of 
conflicts of law.

LRM Industries, LLC

By: /s/ Gary Cook

Name: Gary Cook
Title: Chairman of the Board of Managers

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A

 

Additional Loan Amount

Date of Additional Loan/Loan Credit

Revised Aggregate Principal Amount of Loan

 Initials

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 