 EX-10.2 2 dex102.htm SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE THRIFT PLAN
Exhibit 10.2


FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF INDIANAPOLIS
2005 SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE THRIFT PLAN


(Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2008)


Krieg DeVault LLP
One Indiana Square, Suite 2800
Indianapolis, IN 46204-2079
www.kriegdevault.com

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ADOPTION OF
FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF INDIANAPOLIS
2005 SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE THRIFT PLAN


Pursuant to resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Federal 
Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis (the Bank), the undersigned officers of 
the Bank hereby adopt the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis 2005 
Supplemental Executive Thrift Plan, amended and restated effective as of 
January 1, 2008, on behalf of the Bank, in the form attached hereto.


Dated this         day of                     , 2007.
 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF INDIANAPOLIS
By: 	  	 
  	Paul C. Clabuesch, Chairman
By: 	  	 
  	Charles L. Crow, Vice Chairman
 
ATTEST:
By: 	  	 
  	Jonathan R. West, Corporate Secretary

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF INDIANAPOLIS
2005 SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE THRIFT PLAN


TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	  	   	PAGE

 Article I INTRODUCTION

   	1

   Section 1.1

   	Purpose 	   	1

   Section 1.2

   	Effective Date; Plan Year 	   	1

   Section 1.3

   	Administration 	   	1

   Section 1.4

   	Supplements 	   	1

   Section 1.5

   	Definitions 	   	1

 Article II ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION

   	2

   Section 2.1

   	Eligibility 	   	2

   Section 2.2

   	Participation 	   	2

 Article III CONTRIBUTIONS AND ALLOCATIONS

   	3

   Section 3.1

   	Participant Salary Deferral Contributions 	   	3

   Section 3.2

   	Participant Bonus Deferral Contributions 	   	3

   Section 3.3

   	Deferral Elections 	   	3

   Section 3.4

   	Excess Matching Contributions 	   	5

   Section 3.5

   	Supplemental Contributions 	   	6

   Section 3.6

   	Plan Account 	   	6

   Section 3.7

   	Investment Credits 	   	6

   Section 3.8

   	Account Allocations 	   	6

   Section 3.9

   	Military Service 	   	7

 Article IV BENEFIT PAYMENTS

   	7

   Section 4.1

   	Time of Payment of Benefits 	   	7

   Section 4.2

   	Method of Payment 	   	8

   Section 4.3

   	Method of Payment Elections 	   	8

   Section 4.4

   	Vesting 	   	9

   Section 4.5

   	Disability and Death 	   	9

   Section 4.6

   	Unforeseeable Emergency 	   	10

   Section 4.7

   	Acceleration of Time of Payment 	   	10

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Article V PLAN ADMINISTRATION

   	13

   Section 5.1

   	Appointment of the Committee 	   	13

   Section 5.2

   	Powers and Responsibilities of the Committee 	   	13

   Section 5.3

   	Liabilities 	   	14

   Section 5.4

   	Income and Employment Tax Withholding 	   	14

   Section 5.5

   	Disclosure to Participant Upon Separation from Service 	   	14

   Section 5.6

   	Plan Expenses 	   	14

 Article VI BENEFIT CLAIMS

   	14

 Article VII FUNDING AND TRANSFERS

   	15

   Section 7.1

   	Unfunded Status 	   	15

   Section 7.2

   	Investments 	   	15

 Article VIII AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN

   	15

   Section 8.1

   	Amendment of the Plan 	   	15

   Section 8.2

   	Termination of the Plan 	   	15

 Article IX MISCELLANEOUS

   	15

   Section 9.1

   	Governing Law 	   	15

   Section 9.2

   	Headings and Gender 	   	16

   Section 9.3

   	Spendthrift Clause 	   	16

   Section 9.4

   	Counterparts 	   	16

   Section 9.5

   	No Enlargement of Employment Rights 	   	16

   Section 9.6

   	Limitations on Liability 	   	16

   Section 9.7

   	Incapacity of Participant or Beneficiary 	   	16

   Section 9.8

   	Evidence 	   	16

   Section 9.9

   	Action by Bank 	   	16

   Section 9.10

   	Severability 	   	17

   Section 9.11

   	Information to be Furnished by a Participant 	   	17

   Section 9.12

   	Attorneys Fees 	   	17

   Section 9.13

   	Binding on Successors 	   	17

 SUPPLEMENT A CLAIMS AND REVIEW PROCEDURES

   	A-1
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE I


INTRODUCTION


Section 1.1 Purpose. The purpose of the Federal Home Loan Bank of 
Indianapolis 2005 Supplemental Executive Thrift Plan (the Plan) is to 
permit certain management or highly compensated employees of the Federal 
Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis (the Bank) to elect to defer compensation 
from the Bank. It is the intention of the Bank that the Plan constitute a 
deferred compensation arrangement that complies with Section 409A of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). Consequently, the 
Plan will be administered and its provisions interpreted consistently with 
that intention.


Section 1.2 Effective Date; Plan Year. The Effective Date of the Plan is 
January 1, 2008. The Plan Year is the 12-month period beginning on each 
January 1 and ending on the next following December 31.


Section 1.3 Administration. The Plan will be administered by an 
administrative committee (Committee) appointed by the Banks Board of 
Directors (Board), which initially will be the Human Resources Committee 
of the Board. The Committee, from time to time, may adopt any rules and 
procedures it deems necessary or desirable for the proper and efficient 
administration of the Plan that are consistent with the terms of the Plan. 
Any notice or document required to be given or filed with the Committee 
will be properly given or filed if delivered to or mailed by registered 
mail, postage paid, to the Corporate Secretary of the Board of Directors, 
Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis, 8250 Woodfield Crossing Blvd., 
Suite 400, Indianapolis, Indiana 46240.


Section 1.4 Supplements. The provisions of the Plan may be modified by 
supplements to the Plan. The terms and provisions of each supplement are a 
part of the Plan and supersede any other provisions of the Plan to the 
extent necessary to eliminate any inconsistencies between the supplement 
and any other Plan provisions.


Section 1.5 Definitions. The following terms are defined in the Plan in the 
following Sections:
 
Term
   	Plan Section

 Acceleration Event

   	4.7

 Account

   	3.4

 Adverse Benefit Determination

   	A-3

 Bank

   	1.1

 Benefit Claim

   	A-1

 Board

   	1.3

 Bonus

   	3.2

 Claimant

   	A-1

 Code

   	1.1

 Committee

   	1.3

 Disabled

   	4.5(b)

 Effective Date

   	1.2

 Excess Matching Contribution

   	3.4(a)

 FICA Amount

   	4.7(c)

 Investment Account

   	6.2

 Matching Contribution

   	3.4(a)

 Participant

   	2.1

 Participant Bonus Deferral Contribution

   	3.2

 Participant Deferral Contribution

   	3.3

 Participant Salary Deferral Contribution

   	3.1

 Plan

   	1.1

 Plan Year

   	1.2

 Salary

   	3.1

 Separation from Service

   	4.1(c)

 Supplemental Contribution

   	3.5

 Termination of Employment

   	4.1(c)

 Thrift Plan

   	2.1

 Trust

   	6.1

 Unforeseeable Emergency

   	3.3(e)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE II


ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION


Section 2.1 Eligibility. Any employee of the Bank who is a member of the 
Financial Institutions Thrift Plan as from time to time amended and adopted 
by the Bank (Thrift Plan), or who is not a member of the Thrift Plan 
because the employee has not yet met the Thrift Plan service requirement, 
is eligible to become a Participant in the Plan, provided the employee is 
designated as a Participant by the Board in writing. Any employee of the 
Bank who is a member of the Thrift Plan or who is not a member of the 
Thrift Plan because the employee has not yet met the Thrift Plan service 
requirement and who is an officer with a title of Vice President or a 
higher officer level, is automatically eligible to become a Participant 
without the need for designation by the Board.


Section 2.2 Participation. A designated employee or otherwise eligible 
employee, will become a Participant as of the later of the Effective Date, 
the date specified by the Board, or the date the employee satisfies the 
automatic eligibility provisions described in Section 2.1. A Participant 
may be removed as an active Participant by the Board effective as of any 
date, so that the Participant will not be entitled to make deferrals under 
Article III on or after that date.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE III


CONTRIBUTIONS AND ALLOCATIONS


Section 3.1 Participant Salary Deferral Contributions. Subject to the terms 
and limitations of this Article, a Participant may elect, pursuant to 
Section 3.3, to have all or a portion of the Participants Salary payable 
in any Plan Year withheld by the Bank and credited as a Participant Salary 
Deferral Contribution under the Plan. The term contribution is used for 
ease of reference; however, contributions are merely credits to each 
Participants Account, which is a bookkeeping account. The term Salary 
for purposes of the Plan means a Participants base salary or wages and 
other cash compensation designated by the Committee as eligible 
compensation that is payable by the Bank, including amounts paid under the 
Sales Incentive Plan or an equivalent successor plan (excluding any annual 
bonus), plus the amount of any salary reduction contributions made on 
behalf of the Participant under the Plan or under the Thrift Plan or a plan 
that qualifies under Code Section 125 that would have been reported as 
taxable income on Form W-2 for that year but for the Participants deferral 
election and that is not deferred from a Participants Bonus.


Section 3.2 Participant Bonus Deferral Contributions. Subject to the terms 
and limitations of this Article, a Participant may elect, pursuant to 
Section 3.3, to have all or a portion of the Participants Bonus payable 
for any Plan Year withheld by the Bank and credited as a Participant Bonus 
Deferral Contribution under this Plan. The term Bonus for purposes of 
this Plan means the annual bonus payable to a Participant under the Banks 
Executive Incentive Compensation Plan, Employee Incentive Plan or 
Internal Audit Incentive Plan or any equivalent successor plans that, at 
a minimum, have a performance period of at least 12 months.


Section 3.3 Deferral Elections. Participant Deferral Contributions 
(including both Participant Salary Deferral Contributions and Participant 
Bonus Deferral Contributions) will be withheld from a Participants 
compensation in accordance with the following terms and conditions.
 
  	(a) 	Requirement for Deferral Elections. As a condition to the Banks 
obligation to withhold and the Committees obligation to credit Participant 
Deferral Contributions for the benefit of a Participant pursuant to Section 
3.1 or 3.2, the Participant must complete and file a deferral election form 
with the Committee (in a format prescribed by the Committee).
 
  	(b) 	Timing of Execution and Delivery of Elections.
 
  	(i) 	Salary. To be effective to defer any portion of a Participants 
Salary, a deferral election form must be filed with the Committee with 
respect to that Salary on or prior to the last day of the calendar year 
preceding the Plan Year in which the services giving rise to the Salary are 
performed. For example, to defer Salary payable with respect to services 
performed during the 2008 Plan Year, an election must be filed on or before 
December 31, 2007.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(ii) 	Bonus. Notwithstanding the preceding subsection, a deferral 
election form may be filed with the Committee with respect to a Bonus until 
a date that is no later than six months before the end of the performance 
period for which the Bonus is payable, if the Bonus is not both 
substantially certain to be paid and readily ascertainable at the time of 
the election. Such deferral election for a Bonus may be made only by a 
Participant who has performed services for the Bank continuously from the 
date the performance criteria are established through a date no earlier 
than the date on which the Participant makes the deferral election 
applicable to the Bonus. For example, a deferral election form for a Bonus 
attributable to the 2007 calendar year, payable in early 2008, may be filed 
on or before June 30, 2007, so long as the Bonus is not substantially 
certain to be paid or readily ascertainable by that date and so long as the 
Participant has performed services continuously from the date the 
performance criteria are established through the date the deferral election 
for the Bonus is filed with the Committee.
 
  	(c) 	Initial Eligibility. In the case of the first Plan Year in which an 
individual becomes a Participant, the deferral election form may be filed 
with the Committee at any time within 30 days of the date the individual 
becomes a Participant (rather than the date specified under subsection 
(b)). This initial election will only apply to Salary or a Bonus paid for 
services performed after the filing of the deferral election form. This 
special initial eligibility election rule will not apply if the Participant 
is or has been a participant in a deferred compensation arrangement 
required to be aggregated with this Plan under the rules of Section 409A.
 
  	(d) 	Modification of Deferral Elections. Subject to the provisions of 
subsection 3.3(e), once made for a Plan Year, a deferral election will 
remain in effect for that Plan Year, unless and until the election is 
revoked or a new election filed. The revocation or new election must be 
filed in accordance with the requirements of subsection (b) above. No 
election may be changed for Salary or a Bonus payable for a Plan Year after 
the last day of the election period described in subsection (b). For 
example, any election in place for 2008 Salary may not be changed after 
December 31, 2007, except as provided in subsections 3.3(e) and (f).
 
  	(e) 	

Unforeseeable Emergency. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may cancel 
a Participants election to defer Salary or Bonus if the Committee 
determines the Participant has suffered an Unforeseeable Emergency. The 
cancellation will apply to the period after the Committees determination. 
The Participant must submit a signed statement of the facts causing the 
severe financial hardship and any other information required by the 
Committee, in its sole discretion. An Unforeseeable Emergency means a 
severe financial hardship of the Participant resulting from an illness or 
accident of the Participant, the Participants spouse,

 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

the Participants beneficiary, or the Participants dependent (as defined 
in Code Section 152(a), without regard to Code Sections 152(b)(1), (b)(2) 
and (d)(1)(B)); loss of the Participants property due to casualty 
(including the need to rebuild a home following damage to a home not 
otherwise covered by insurance, for example, not as a result of a natural 
disaster); imminent foreclosure of or eviction from the Participants 
primary residence; the need to pay for medical expenses, including 
non-refundable deductibles, as well as for the costs of prescription drug 
medication; the need to pay for the funeral expenses of a spouse or a 
dependent (as defined in Code Section 152(a)) or other similar 
extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events 
beyond the control of the Participant. An Unforeseeable Emergency will also 
be deemed to occur for purposes of cancellation of a Participants election 
to defer Salary or Bonus if a Participant receives a hardship withdrawal 
from the Thrift Plan pursuant to Code Section 401(k) and Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.401(k)-1(d)(3).

 
  	(f) 	Disability. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may cancel a 
Participants election to defer Salary or Bonus if the Committee determines 
that the Participant has suffered a disability, where such cancellation 
occurs by the later of the end of the taxable year of the Participant, or 
the 15th day of the third month following the date the Participant incurs a 
disability. For purposes of this subsection, a disability refers to any 
medically determinable physical or mental impairment resulting in the 
Participants inability to perform the duties of his or her position or any 
substantially similar position, where such impairment can be expected to 
result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not 
less than six months.


Section 3.4 Excess Matching Contributions
 
  	(a) 	Amount of Contribution. The Bank will make Excess Matching 
Contributions each Plan Year in an amount equal to the difference between 
(i) and (ii) below:
 
  	(i) 	The Matching Contributions which would have been allocated to the 
Participants account under the Thrift Plan for the Plan Year if the 
Participant Salary Deferral Contributions (but not Bonus Deferral 
Contributions) were made to the Thrift Plan rather than this Plan, plus the 
amount of any Matching Contributions which, under the terms of the Thrift 
Plan as in effect prior to Plan Years beginning on and after January 1, 
1994, would have been refunded to the Participant. However, the amount in 
the previous sentence will be limited to an amount equal to the 
Participants Salary unreduced for Participant Deferral Contributions under 
this Plan for the Plan Year multiplied by the maximum matching percentage 
applicable to the Participant under the Thrift Plan for that Plan Year.
 
  	(ii) 	The amount of Matching Contribution actually allocated to the 
Participants account under the Thrift Plan for the Plan Year.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
A Matching Contribution is the employer matching contribution made to the 
Thrift Plan by the Bank and allocable to a Participants account under the 
Thrift Plan by reason of the Participants contributions made thereunder.
 
  	

(b)

Additional Matching Contribution. In addition to the Excess Matching 
Contribution specified in subsection (a), the Bank may make an additional 
Excess Matching Contribution to a Participants Account at any time prior 
to the March 15th following the Plan Year to which the Excess Matching 
Contribution is attributable, as determined by the Board, in its sole 
discretion.

 
  	(c) 	Allocation. An Excess Matching Contribution contributed for the 
benefit of a Participant for a Plan Year will be credited to a 
Participants Account at the time the Bank would have made such 
contribution as a Matching Contribution under the Thrift Plan.


Section 3.5 Supplemental Contributions. The Bank may, as determined by the 
Board in its sole discretion, make a Supplemental Contribution under the 
Plan, in accordance with subsections (a) and (b).
 
  	(a) 	Amount of Contribution. The Bank may, but is not required to, 
credit to a Participants Account such amount as the Board may in its 
discretion determine from time to time, which amount will constitute a 
Supplemental Contribution under the Plan.
 
  	

(b)

Timing of Contribution. A Supplemental Contribution may be credited to a 
Participants Account at any time prior to the March 15th following the 
Plan Year to which the Supplemental Contribution is attributable.


Section 3.6 Plan Account. The Committee will establish and maintain an 
Account on the Banks records under the Plan for each Participant and 
will increase and decrease a Participants Account as provided in Section 
3.8.


Section 3.7 Investment Credits. A Participants Account will be increased 
or decreased to reflect the increase or decrease in the value of the 
Investment Account established for the Participant pursuant to Section 7.2.


Section 3.8 Account Allocations. As of each accounting date, each 
Participants Account will be:
 
  	(i) 	increased by the amount credited to the Account under Sections 3.1 
through 3.5 since the last accounting;
 
  	(ii) 	increased or decreased by the amount determined under Section 3.7 
since the last accounting; and
 
  	(iii) 	decreased by any payment made under Article IV.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The accounting date under this Section will be any date determined by the 
Committee. However, the accounting required under this Section must be 
made, at a minimum, as of the last day of each Plan Year quarter.


Section 3.9 Military Service. Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to 
the contrary, contributions and benefits with respect to qualified military 
service will be provided in accordance with Code Section 414(u).


ARTICLE IV


BENEFIT PAYMENTS


Section 4.1 Time of Payment of Benefits. Except as provided in Sections 4.5 
through 4.7, a Participant will receive or will begin to receive payment of 
his Account balance within 90 days following the date specified for payment 
or the commencement of payment effectively elected by the Participant, as 
provided in this Section.
 
  	(a) 	Timing of Execution and Delivery of Payment Election. A Participant 
may elect the date his Account balance will be paid or will begin to be 
paid by completing and filing with the Committee an election form approved 
by the Committee. The specified date must be a date at least two years from 
the beginning of the Plan Year for which the first deferral under the Plan 
is made. To be effective, the election under this Section must be filed 
with the Committee no later than the time the Participant first makes a 
deferral election under this Plan (or under any other plan required to be 
aggregated with this Plan pursuant to the requirements of Code Section 
409A). In lieu of specifying a date certain, a Participant may elect to 
have payment made or commenced within a specified period of time following 
the date the Participant experiences a Separation from Service. If no 
date is specified, payment will be made or commenced within 90 days 
following the date of the Participants Separation from Service.
 
  	(b) 	Modification of Elections. An election as to the date payment will 
be made or commenced may be modified by a Participant by filing a new 
election form with the Committee; provided, however, that: (i) the new 
election will not take effect until at least 12 months after the date the 
new election is filed, (ii) the single lump sum payment or the commencement 
of installment payments will be delayed for a period of not less than five 
years from the date the payment or first payment would otherwise have been 
made, and (iii) the new election is filed with the Committee at least 12 
months prior to the date of the first scheduled payment under the Plan.
 
  	(c) 	

Separation from Service. Separation from Service means the date on which 
the Participant dies, retires or otherwise experiences a Termination of 
Employment with the Bank. Provided, however, a Separation from Service does 
not occur if the Participant is on military leave, sick leave, or other 
bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed 
six months, or if the leave is for a longer period, so long as the 
individuals right to reemployment with

 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

the Bank is provided either by statute or by contract. For purposes of this 
subsection, a leave of absence constitutes a bona fide leave of absence 
only if there is a reasonable expectation that the Participant will return 
to perform services for the Bank. If the period of leave exceeds six months 
and the Participants right to reemployment is not provided either by 
statute or contract, there will be a Separation from Service on the first 
date immediately following such six-month period. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, where a leave of absence is due to any medically determinable 
physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or 
last for a continuous period of not less than six months, where such 
impairment cause the Participant to be unable to perform the duties of his 
or her position of employment or any substantially similar position of 
employment, a 29-month period of absence may be substituted for such 
six-month period. An Employee will incur a Termination of Employment when 
a termination of employment is incurred under Treasury Regulation 
§1.409A-1(h)(ii).


Section 4.2 Method of Payment. Except as provided in Sections 4.5 through 
4.7, the balance of a Participants Account will be distributed in cash in 
one of the following methods effectively elected by the Participant:
 
  	(a) 	A single lump sum payment;
 
  	(b) 	Annual installment payments over a period of 2 to 20 years; or
 
  	(c) 	A combination of the methods specified in subsections (a) and (b).


However, if the Participant Account is less than $10,000, then the entire 
Account will be paid in a single lump sum payment regardless of any 
Participant election to the contrary.


Section 4.3 Method of Payment Elections.
 
  	(a) 	Initial Election. A Participant may elect the manner in which his 
Account balance will be paid to him under Section 4.2 in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of this Section. To make an election a Participant 
must file an election with the Committee (on a form or forms prescribed by 
the Committee). To be effective, the election under this Section must be 
filed with the Committee no later than the later of the time the 
Participant first makes a deferral election under the Plan (or under any 
other plan required to be aggregated with the Plan pursuant to the 
requirements of Code Section 409A). If no election is made or if the 
election is not timely or properly made, distribution will be made in the 
form of a single lump sum payment.
 
  	(b) 	

Change of Method of Payment Election. An election as to the manner of 
payment may not be changed after the payment has been made or payments have 
commenced. Prior to that time, a Participant may change his election by 
filing a new election form with the Committee; provided, however, that: (i) 
the new

 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

election will not take effect until at least 12 months after the date the 
new election is filed; (ii) the single lump sum payment or the commencement 
of installment payments with respect to which such election is made must be 
deferred for a period of not less than five years from the date such 
payment would otherwise have been made; and (iii) the new election is filed 
at least 12 months prior to the date of the first scheduled payment under 
the Plan.

 
  	(c) 	Installments. If installment distributions are elected, the initial 
installment amount will be the Account balance otherwise payable in a 
single sum multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is one and the 
denominator of which is the total number of installment payments. 
Subsequent installments will also be a fraction of the unpaid Account 
balance, the numerator of which is always one but the denominator of which 
is the denominator used in calculating the previous installment minus one. 
For example, if five installment payments are elected, the initial 
installment will be one-fifth of the single sum Account balance, the second 
installment will be one-fourth of the remaining Account balance and the 
third installment will be one-third of the remaining Account balance, and 
so on.


Section 4.4 Vesting. A Participant will be fully vested in his Account 
balance at all times.


Section 4.5 Disability and Death. In the event a Participant Separates from 
Service due to the Participants Disability or if the Participant dies or 
becomes Disabled before he has received his entire Account balance, the 
unpaid balance will be paid to the Participant, or in the event of his 
death to his designated beneficiary or beneficiaries, in a single lump sum 
within 90 days of a determination by the Committee that the Participant is 
Disabled or within 90 days of the Participants death.
 
  	(a) 	Beneficiary Designations. A Participant may designate a beneficiary 
or beneficiaries to receive any amount payable under this Section as a 
result of his death. A Participant may change his designation of 
beneficiaries at any time by filing with the Committee a written notice of 
the change on a form approved by the Committee. Each beneficiary 
designation filed with the Committee will cancel all previously filed 
beneficiary designations. If no designation is in effect on the 
Participants death, or if the designated beneficiary does not survive the 
Participant, his beneficiary will be his surviving spouse, if any, and then 
his estate.
 
  	(b) 	

Disabled. A Participant is Disabled for purposes of the Plan if the 
Participant in question is unable to engage in any substantial gainful 
activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental 
impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to 
last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. A Participant who, 
by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that 
can be expected to result in death or last for a continuous period of not 
less than 12 months, is receiving income replacement benefits for a period 
of not less than three months under an accident and health

 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

plan sponsored by an Employer will be deemed to be Disabled. The Committee 
will be the sole and final judge of whether a Participant is Disabled for 
purposes of this Plan, after consideration of any evidence it may require, 
including the reports of any physician or physicians it may designate


Section 4.6 Unforeseeable Emergency. In the event the Committee determines 
in its sole discretion that a Participant has experienced an Unforeseeable 
Emergency, as defined in Section 3.3(e), all or a portion of a 
Participants Account may be distributed in a single lump sum no later than 
90 days after the Committees determination. The Participant must submit a 
signed statement of the facts causing the severe financial hardship and any 
other information required by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 
Payment under this Section is subject to the following conditions:
 
  	(a) 	The emergency must not be able to be relieved through reimbursement 
or compensation from insurance or otherwise, by liquidation of the 
Participants assets, to the extent liquidation of such assets would not 
cause severe financial hardship, or by cessation of deferrals under this 
Plan.
 
  	(b) 	The amount of the distribution must be limited to the amount 
reasonably necessary to satisfy the emergency need (which may include 
amounts necessary to pay any Federal, state, or local income taxes or 
penalties reasonably anticipated to result from the distribution) and must 
take into account any additional compensation available due to cancellation 
of a deferral election under subsection 3.3 (e). However, the determination 
of amounts reasonably necessary to satisfy the emergency need is not 
required to take into account any additional compensation that due to the 
unforeseeable emergency is available under another nonqualified deferred 
compensation plan but has not actually been paid, or that is available due 
to the unforeseeable emergency under another plan that would provide for 
deferred compensation except due to the application of the effective date 
provisions of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-6. The payment may be made from 
any plan in which the Participant participates that provides for payment 
upon an Unforeseeable Emergency, provided that the plan under which the 
payment was made must be designated at the time of payment.


Section 4.7 Acceleration of Time of Payment. Except as provided in Section 
4.6 or this Section , the time or schedule of payment of a Participants 
Account provided in Sections 4.1 through 4.5 may not be accelerated. The 
time and schedule of payment of a Participants Account may be accelerated 
in the following circumstances, each of which is an Acceleration Event, 
to a time that is no later than 90 days following the Committees 
determination that one of the Acceleration Events has occurred, and payment 
will be made in the form of a single lump sum:
 
  	(a) 	Domestic Relations Order. The time or schedule of a payment from a 
Participants Account may be accelerated to make a payment to an individual 
other than the Participant as may be necessary to fulfill a domestic 
relations order (as defined in Code Section 414(p)(1)(B)).
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(b) 	Conflicts of Interest. The time or schedule of a payment from a 
Participants Account may be accelerated to the extent reasonably necessary 
to avoid the violation of an applicable Federal, state, local or foreign 
ethics law or conflicts of interest law (including where such payment is 
reasonably necessary to permit the service provider to participate in 
activities in the normal course of his or her position in which the service 
provider would otherwise not be able to participate under an applicable 
rule). A payment is reasonably necessary to avoid the violation of Federal, 
state, local or foreign ethics laws or conflicts of interest law if the 
payment is a necessary part of a course of action that results in 
compliance with a Federal, state, local or foreign ethics law or conflicts 
of interest law that would be violated absent such course of action, 
regardless of whether other actions would also result in compliance with 
the Federal, state, local or foreign ethics law or conflicts of interest 
law.
 
  	(c) 	Payment of Employment Taxes. The time or schedule of a payment from 
a Participants Account may be accelerated to pay the Federal Insurance 
Contribution Act (FICA) tax imposed under Code Sections 3101, 3121(a) and 
3121(v)(a), where applicable, on compensation deferred under the Plan (the 
FICA Amount) as well as to pay the income tax at source on wages imposed 
under Code Section 3401 or the corresponding withholding provisions of 
state or local tax laws as a result of payment of the FICA Amount, and to 
pay the additional income tax at source on wages attributable to the 
pyramiding Code Section 3401 wages and taxes. However, the total payment 
under this subsection will not exceed the aggregate of the FICA Amount and 
the related income tax withholding.
 
  	(d) 	Income Inclusion Under Code Section 409A. The time or schedule of a 
payment from a Participants Account may be accelerated to pay the income 
tax, interest and penalties imposed if the Plan fails to meet the 
requirements of Code Section 409A and related regulations; provided, 
however, such payment will not exceed the amount required to be included in 
income as a result of the failure to comply with the requirements of Code 
Section 409A and related regulations.
 
  	(e) 	Plan Termination. The time or schedule of payment or commencement 
of payments from a Participants Account may be accelerated when the Plan 
is terminated in accordance with one of the following:
 
  	(i) 	The Company terminates the Plan within 12 months of a corporate 
dissolution taxed under Code Section 331, or with the approval of a 
bankruptcy court pursuant to 11 U.S.C. §503(b)(1)(A), provided that the 
amounts deferred under the Plan are included in the Participants gross 
incomes in the latest of the following years (or, if earlier, the taxable 
year in which the amount is constructively received).
 
  	(A) 	The calendar year in which the Plan termination and liquidation 
occurs;
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(B) 	The first calendar year in which the amount is no longer subject to 
a substantial risk of forfeiture; or
 
  	(C) 	The first calendar year in which the payment is administratively 
practicable.
 
  	(ii) 	The Companys irrevocable action to terminate and liquidate the 
Plan within the 30 days preceding or the 12 months following a change in 
control as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5). For purposes of 
this subsection, the Plan may be terminated only if all agreements, 
methods, programs, and other arrangements sponsored by the Employer 
immediately after the time of the change in control with respect to which 
deferrals of compensation are treated as having been deferred under a 
single plan under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(c)(2) are terminated and 
liquidated with respect to each Participant that experienced the change in 
control, so that under the terms of the termination and liquidation all 
such Participants are required to receive all amounts of compensation 
deferred under the Plan and other arrangements within 12 months of the date 
the Company irrevocably takes all necessary action to terminate and 
liquidate the Plan and other arrangements.
 
  	(iii) 	The Companys termination and liquidation of the Plan, provided 
that:
 
  	(A) 	The termination and liquidation does not occur proximate to a 
downturn in the financial health of the Company;
 
  	(B) 	The Company terminates and liquidates all agreements, programs, and 
other arrangements that would be aggregated under Treasury Regulation 
§1.409A-1(c) if the Participant had deferrals of compensation under all of 
the agreements, methods, programs, and other arrangements that are 
terminated and liquidated;
 
  	(C) 	No payments in liquidation of the Plan are made within 12 months of 
the date the Company takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate 
and liquidate the plan other than payments that would be payable under the 
terms of the Plan if the action to terminate and liquidate the Plan had not 
occurred;
 
  	(D) 	All payments are made within 24 months of the date the Company 
takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate and liquidate the Plan; 
and
 
  	(E) 	The Company does not adopt a new plan or arrangement that would be 
aggregated with any terminated and liquidated plan or arrangement under 
Treasury Regulation §1.409A-1(c) if the same Participant participated in 
both plans or arrangements, at any time within three years following the 
date the Company takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate and 
liquidate the Plan.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(iv) 	Limited Cashouts. The Plan may terminated and liquidate a 
Participants interest under the Plan up to the Code Section 402(g)(1)(B) 
limit prior to the time provided in Sections 4.1 and 4.2, provided that the 
Company comply with the requirements of Treasury Regulation. 
§1.409A-3(j)(4)(v).
 
  	(v) 	Such other events and conditions as the Internal Revenue Service 
may prescribe in generally applicable guidance published in the Internal 
Revenue Bulletin.


ARTICLE V


PLAN ADMINISTRATION


Section 5.1 Appointment of the Committee. The Committee, or a duly 
authorized officer or officers of the Bank empowered by the Committee to 
act on its behalf under sub-section 5.2(e), will be responsible for 
administering the Plan, and the Committee will be charged with the full 
power and the responsibility for administering the Plan in all its details; 
provided that the power to determine eligibility pursuant to Article II is 
reserved to the Board.

Section 5.2 Powers and Responsibilities of the Committee.
 
  	(a) 	The Committee will have all powers necessary to administer the 
Plan, including the power to construe and interpret the Plan documents; to 
decide all questions relating to an individuals eligibility to participate 
in the Plan; to determine the amount, manner and timing of any distribution 
of benefits or withdrawal under the Plan; to resolve any claim for benefits 
in accordance with Article VI and Supplement A, and to appoint or employ 
advisors, including legal counsel, to render advice with respect to any of 
the Committees responsibilities under the Plan. Any construction, 
interpretation, or application of the Plan by the Committee will be final, 
conclusive and binding.
 
  	(b) 	Records and Reports. The Committee will be responsible for 
maintaining sufficient records to determine each Participants eligibility 
to participate in the Plan, and for purposes of determining the amount of 
contributions that may be made on behalf of the Participant under the Plan.
 
  	(c) 	Rules and Decisions. The Committee may adopt such rules as it deems 
necessary, desirable, or appropriate in the administration of the Plan. All 
rules and decisions of the Committee will be applied uniformly and 
consistently to all Participants in similar circumstances. When making a 
determination or calculation, the Committee will be entitled to rely upon 
information furnished by a Participant or beneficiary, the Bank or the 
legal counsel of the Bank.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(d) 	Application for Benefits. The Committee may require a Participant 
or beneficiary to complete and file with it an application for a benefit, 
and to furnish all pertinent information requested by it. The Committee may 
rely upon all such information so furnished to it, including the 
Participants or beneficiarys current mailing address.
 
  	(e) 	Delegation. The Committee may authorize one or more officers of the 
Bank to perform administrative responsibilities on its behalf under the 
Plan. Any such duly authorized officer will have all powers necessary to 
carry out the administrative duties delegated to such officer by the 
Committee.


Section 5.3 Liabilities. The individual members of the Committee will, in 
accordance with the Banks by-laws, be indemnified and held harmless by the 
Bank with respect to any alleged breach of responsibilities performed or to 
be performed hereunder.


Section 5.4 Income and Employment Tax Withholding. The Bank will be 
responsible for withholding from the Participants Salary or Bonus, from 
the contribution to the Plan, or from the distribution of the Participants 
benefit under the Plan, of all applicable federal, state, city and local 
taxes.


Section 5.5 Disclosure to Participant Upon Separation from Service. Within 
90 days of a Participants Separation from Service or a termination of the 
Plan, the Bank will provide the Participant a comprehensive statement 
setting forth the value of the Participants benefit and the date and 
manner in which such benefit, plus earnings or minus losses, will be paid 
out to the Participant and stating that the Participants benefit is a 
liability of the Bank.


Section 5.6 Plan Expenses. The expenses incurred for the administration and 
maintenance of the Plan will be paid by the Bank.


ARTICLE VI


BENEFIT CLAIMS


While a Participant or beneficiary need not file a claim to receive his 
benefit under the Plan, if he wishes to do so, a claim must be made in 
writing and filed with the Committee. If a claim is denied, the Committee 
will furnish the claimant with written notice of its decision. A claimant 
may request a review of the denial of a claim for benefits by filing a 
written request with the Committee. The Committee will afford the claimant 
a full and fair review of such request. The claim and claim review process 
will be conducted in accordance with the provisions of Supplement A.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VII


FUNDING AND TRANSFERS


Section 7.1 Unfunded Status. All contributions credited to a Participants 
Account will be invested in an irrevocable rabbi trust (the Trust) to 
provide for the benefits created by the Plan. The Trust will be maintained 
in such a fashion that the Plan at all times for purposes of ERISA and the 
Code will be unfunded and will constitute a mere promise by the Bank to 
make Plan benefit payments in the future. Any and all rights created under 
this Plan will be unsecured contractual rights against the Bank.


Section 7.2 Investments. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.1, the Bank 
will establish an investment account for each Participant under the Trust 
(the Investment Account). The Investment Account will, consequently, at 
all times remain an asset of the Bank and will be subject to the claims of 
the Banks general creditors. A Participant may request that the Investment 
Account be allocated among available investment options established by the 
Committee or the Board from time to time under the Investment Account. The 
initial allocation request may be made at the time of enrollment. 
Investment allocation requests will remain effective until changed in 
accordance with procedures established by the Committee.


ARTICLE VIII


AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN


Section 8.1 Amendment of the Plan. The Bank may amend the Plan at any time 
in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank may not 
amend the Plan to reduce a Participants Account balance as determined on 
the day preceding the effective date of the amendment or to otherwise 
retroactively impair or adversely affect the rights of a Participant or 
beneficiary.


Section 8.2 Termination of the Plan. The Bank may terminate the Plan at any 
time in its sole discretion. Absent an amendment to the contrary, Plan 
benefits that had accrued prior to the termination will be paid at the 
times and in the manner provided for by the Plan at the time of the 
termination.


ARTICLE IX


MISCELLANEOUS


Section 9.1 Governing Law. The Plan will be construed, regulated and 
administered according to the laws of the State of Indiana, without 
reference to that states choice of law principles, except in those areas 
preempted by the laws of the United States of America in which case the 
federal laws will control.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.2 Headings and Gender. The headings and subheadings in the Plan 
have been inserted for convenience of reference only and will not affect 
the construction of the Plan provisions. In any necessary construction, the 
masculine will include the feminine and the singular the plural, and vice 
versa.


Section 9.3 Spendthrift Clause. No benefit or interest available under the 
Plan will be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, 
transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, attachment or garnishment by 
creditors of a Participant or a Participants beneficiary, either 
voluntarily or involuntarily.


Section 9.4 Counterparts. This Plan may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each one constituting but one and the same instrument, and 
may be sufficiently evidenced by any one counterpart.


Section 9.5 No Enlargement of Employment Rights. Nothing contained in the 
Plan may be construed as a contract of employment between the Bank and any 
person, nor may the Plan be deemed to give any person the right to be 
retained in the employ of the Bank or limit the right of the Bank to employ 
or discharge any person with or without cause.


Section 9.6 Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of the Plan, neither the Bank nor any individual acting as an employee or 
agent of a Bank will be liable to a Participant or any beneficiary for any 
claim, loss, liability or expense incurred in connection with the Plan, 
except when the same has been affirmatively determined by a court order or 
by the affirmative and binding determination of an arbitrator, to be due to 
the gross negligence or willful misconduct of that person.


Section 9.7 Incapacity of Participant or Beneficiary. If any person 
entitled to receive a distribution under the Plan is physically or mentally 
incapable of personally receiving and giving a valid receipt for any 
payment due (unless a prior claim for the distribution has been made by a 
duly qualified guardian or other legal representative), then, unless and 
until a claim for the distribution has been made by a duly appointed 
guardian or other legal representative of the person, the Committee may 
provide for the distribution to be made to any other individual or 
institution then contributing toward or providing for the care and 
maintenance of the person. Any payment made for the benefit of the person 
under this Section will be a payment for the account of such person and a 
complete discharge of any liability of the Bank and the Plan.


Section 9.8 Evidence. Evidence required of anyone under the Plan may be by 
certificate, affidavit, document or other information which the person 
relying on the evidence considers pertinent and reliable, and signed, made 
or presented by the proper party or parties.


Section 9.9 Action by Bank. Any action required of or permitted by the Bank 
under the Plan will be by resolution of the Board or by a person or persons 
authorized by resolution of the Board.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.10 Severability. In the event any provisions of the Plan are held 
to be illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity will 
not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan will be construed 
and endorsed as if the illegal or invalid provisions had never been 
contained in the Plan.


Section 9.11 Information to be Furnished by a Participant. A Participant, 
or any other person entitled to benefits under the Plan, must furnish the 
Committee with any and all documents, evidence, data or other information 
the Committee considers necessary or desirable for the purpose of 
administering the Plan. Benefit payments under the Plan are conditioned on 
a Participant (or other person who is entitled to benefits) furnishing 
full, true and complete data, evidence or other information to the 
Committee, and on the prompt execution of any document reasonably related 
to the administration of the Plan requested by the Committee.


Section 9.12 Attorneys Fees. If any action is commenced to enforce the 
provisions of the Plan, payment of attorneys fees will be governed by the 
terms set forth in the mandatory Agreement to Arbitrate entered into 
between the Bank and the Participant.


Section 9.13 Binding on Successors. The Plan will be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of the Bank and its successors and assigns, and the 
successors, assigns, designees and estates of a Participant. The Plan will 
also be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor organization 
succeeding to substantially all of the assets and business of the Bank, but 
nothing in the Plan will preclude the Bank from merging or consolidating 
into or with, or transferring all or substantially all of its assets to, 
another organization which assumes the Plan and all obligations of the Bank 
hereunder. The Bank agrees that it will make appropriate provision for the 
preservation of a Participants rights under the Plan in any agreement or 
plan which it may enter into to effect any merger, consolidation, 
reorganization or transfer of assets. Upon such a merger, consolidation, 
reorganization, or transfer of assets and assumption of Plan obligations of 
the Bank, the term Bank will refer to such other organization and the 
Plan will continue in full force and effect.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUPPLEMENT A


CLAIMS AND REVIEW PROCEDURES


Section A-1 Procedures Governing the Filing of Benefit Claims. All Benefit 
Claims must be filed on the appropriate claim forms available from the 
Committee or in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee 
for claim purposes. The term Benefit Claim means a request for a Plan 
benefit or benefits, made by a Claimant or by an authorized representative 
of a Claimant, that complies with the Plans procedures for making benefit 
claims. The term Claimant means a Participant, a Surviving Spouse of a 
Participant, a Beneficiary, or an Alternate Payee, who is claiming 
entitlement to the payment of any benefit payable under the Plan.


Section A-2 Notification of Benefit Determinations. The Committee will 
notify a Claimant, in accordance with Section A-3, of the Plans benefit 
determination within a reasonable period of time after receipt of a Benefit 
Claim, but not later than 90 days (45 days in the case of a Disability 
Claim) after receipt of the Benefit Claim by the Plan.


If special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the 
Benefit Claim, the Committee will notify the Claimant of the extension 
prior to the termination of the initial period described above. The notice 
will indicate the special circumstances requiring the extension of time and 
the date by which the Plan expects to make the benefit determination. In no 
event will the extension exceed a period of 90 days from the end of the 
initial period.


In the case of a Disability Claim, the extension period will not exceed 30 
days, unless prior to the end of first 30-day extension period, the 
Committee determines that, due to matters beyond its control, a decision 
cannot be rendered within the extension period, in which case the period 
for making the determination may be extended for an additional 30 days. 
Every Disability Claim notice will specifically explain the standards on 
which entitlement to a benefit is based, the unresolved issues that prevent 
a decision on the claim, the additional information needed to resolve those 
issues and the Claimants right to provide the specified information within 
45 days. If the extension is in effect due to the Claimants failure to 
submit information necessary to decide a Disability Claim, the period for 
making the benefit determination will be tolled from the date on which the 
notice of the extension is sent to the Claimant until the date on which the 
Claimant responds to the request for information. The term Disability 
Claim means a request for a Plan benefit made by a Claimant due to the 
purported Total and Permanent Disability of a Plan Participant.


Section A-3 Manner And Content of Notification of Benefit Determinations. 
All notices given by the Committee will be given to a Claimant, or to his 
authorized representative, in a manner that satisfies the standards of 29 
CFR 2520.104b-1(b) as appropriate with respect to the particular material 
required to be furnished or made available to that individual. The 
Committee may provide a Claimant with either a written or an electronic 
notice of the Plans benefit determination. Any electronic notification 
will comply with the standards imposed by 29 CFR 2520.104b-1(c)(1)(i), 
(ii), (iii) and (iv). In the case of an Adverse Benefit Determination, the 
notice will set forth, in a manner calculated to be understood by the 
Claimant:
 
  	(a) 	The specific reasons for the adverse determination;
 
A-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(b) 	Reference to the specific Plan provisions (including any internal 
rules, guidelines, protocols, criteria, etc.) on which the determination is 
based;
 
  	(c) 	A description of any additional material or information necessary 
for the Claimant to complete the claim and an explanation of why such 
material or information is necessary;
 
  	(d) 	For a Disability Claim, the identification of any medical or 
vocational experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Plan in 
connection with Claimants Adverse Benefit Determination, without regard to 
whether the advice was relied upon; and
 
  	(e) 	A description of the Plans review procedures and the time limits 
applicable to such procedures.


The term Adverse Benefit Determination means a denial, reduction, or 
termination of, or a failure to provide or make payment (in whole or in 
part) for, any benefit payable under the Plan.


Section A-4 Appeal of Adverse Benefit Determinations. A Claimant who 
receives an Adverse Benefit Determination and desires a review of that 
determination must file, or his authorized representative must file on his 
behalf, a written request for a review of the Adverse Benefit 
Determination, not later than 60 days 180 days for a Disability Claim after 
receiving the determination.


The written request for a review must be filed with the Committee. Upon 
receiving the written request for review, the Committee will advise the 
Claimant, or his authorized representative, in writing that:
 
  	(a) 	The Claimant, or his authorized representative, may submit written 
comments, documents, records, and any other information relating to the 
claim for benefits; and
 
  	(b) 	The Claimant will be provided, upon request of the Claimant or his 
authorized representative, reasonable access to, and copies of, all 
documents, records, and other information relevant to the Claimants 
Benefit Claim, without regard to whether those documents, records, and 
information were considered or relied upon in making the Adverse Benefit 
Determination that is the subject of the appeal.


Section A-5 Benefit Determination on Review. All appeals by a Claimant of 
an Adverse Benefit Determination will receive a full and fair review by an 
appropriate named fiduciary of the Plan. In the case of a Disability Claim, 
the named fiduciary will not be: (i) the party who made the Adverse Benefit 
Determination that is the subject of the appeal, nor (ii) the subordinate 
of that party. In performing this review for a Disability Claim, the named 
fiduciary will take into account all comments, documents, records, and 
other information submitted by the Claimant (or the Claimants authorized 
representative) relating to the claim, without regard to
 
A-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
whether the information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit 
determination, and will not afford deference to the initial Adverse Benefit 
Determination. For a Disability Claim, the named fiduciary will consult 
with a healthcare professional who has appropriate training and experience 
in the field of medicine involved in the medical judgment and who was not 
consulted in connection with the Adverse Benefit Determination and who is 
not the subordinate of such an individual if the named fiduciary believes 
that such a consultation is necessary to properly complete the review 
process.


Section A-6 Notification of Benefit Determination on Review. The Committee 
will notify a Claimant, in accordance with Section A-7, of the Plans 
benefit determination on review within a reasonable period of time, but not 
later than 60 days (45 days in the case of a Disability Claim) after the 
Plans receipt of the Claimants request for review of an Adverse Benefit 
Determination. If, however, special circumstances require an extension of 
time for processing the review by the named fiduciary, the Claimant will be 
notified, prior to the termination of the initial 60-day (or 45 day) 
period, of the special circumstances requiring the extension and the date 
by which the Plan expects to render the Plans benefit determination on 
review, which will not be later than 120 days (90 days in the case of a 
Disability Claim) after receipt of a request for review. Provided, however, 
in the case of a Plan with a Committee or other group designated as the 
appropriate named fiduciary that holds regularly scheduled meetings at 
least quarterly, the time limit of this Section will be modified in 
accordance with 29 CFR 2560.503-1(i)(1)(ii) or 29 CFR 2560.503-1(i)(3)(ii), 
whichever is applicable.


If the extension period is in effect for a Disability Claim but the 
extension is due to the Claimants failure to submit information necessary 
to decide a claim, the period for making the benefit determination on 
review will be tolled from the date on which notification of the extension 
is sent to the Claimant until the date on which the Claimant responds to 
the request for additional information.


Section A-7 Manner and Content of Notification of Benefit Determination on 
Review. The Committee will provide a Claimant with notification of its 
benefit determination on review in a method described in Section A-3.


In the case of an Adverse Benefit Determination on review, the notification 
must set forth, in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant:
 
  	(a) 	The specific reasons for the adverse determination on review;
 
  	(b) 	Reference to the specific Plan provisions (including any internal 
rules, guidelines, protocols, criteria, etc.) on which the benefit 
determination on review is based;
 
  	(c) 	A statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request 
and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, 
records and other information relevant to the Claimants Benefit Claim, 
without regard to whether those records were considered or relied upon in 
making the Adverse Benefit Determination on review, including any reports, 
and the identities, of any experts whose advice was obtained.
 
A-3