 EX-10.2 3 l28846aexv10w2.htm EX-10.2


 

Exhibit 10.2


UNDERTAKING AGREEMENT

     This Undertaking Agreement (Agreement) is entered into as of 
November 12, 2007, between Bancinsurance Corporation, an Ohio corporation 
(the Company), and [                      ] (the Executive).


RECITALS

     WHEREAS, in 2005, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 
commenced an investigation concerning the chronology, events and 
announcements relating to the withdrawal by the Companys former 
independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, of its 
audit reports for the years 2001 through 2003 for the Company (the SEC 
Investigation);

     WHEREAS, the Executive has advised the Company that the Executive 
desires to retain independent legal counsel to assist him in connection 
with the SEC Investigation and in defending any actual or threatened 
action, suit or proceeding arising from or associated with the SEC 
Investigation (collectively with the SEC Investigation, the Specified 
Proceedings);

     WHEREAS, the Executive has requested that the Company pay, in advance 
of the final disposition of the Specified Proceedings, legal fees and 
expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Executive in connection 
with the Specified Proceedings;

     WHEREAS, the disinterested directors of the Company have determined 
that, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, it is in the 
best interests of the Company and its shareholders that the Company pay, in 
advance of the final disposition of the Specified Proceedings, legal fees 
and expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the Executive in 
connection with the Specified Proceedings; and

     WHEREAS, the disinterested directors of the Company have authorized 
the Company to enter into this Agreement with the Executive;

     NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

  	1. 	  	Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the 
Company agrees to pay, in advance of the final disposition of the Specified 
Proceedings, legal fees and expenses actually and reasonably incurred by 
the Executive in connection with the Specified Proceedings (the 
Expenses).
 
  	2. 	  	The Executive agrees that any request for advancement of any 
Expenses shall be submitted in a written statement from the Executive to 
the Chairman of the Special Committee of the Board of Directors established 
in connection with the SEC Investigation. Subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, any advancement of Expenses pursuant to this 
Agreement shall be made within 20 days after the receipt by the Company of 
such written statement from the Executive requesting such advancement. Each 
written statement requesting

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	advancement shall reasonably evidence to the satisfaction of the 
Company the Expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with the 
Specified Proceedings.
 
  	3. 	  	In consideration for the Company advancing the Expenses, the 
Executive hereby undertakes to repay the amounts of Expenses advanced under 
this Agreement if it ultimately is determined, in accordance with Article 
Five of the Companys code of regulations, that the Executive did not act 
in good faith or in a manner the Executive reasonably believed to be in or 
not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation in respect of the 
matters which are the subject of the Specified Proceedings. In the event of 
such a determination, the Executive and the Company shall negotiate and 
agree in good faith within 30 days of such determination a schedule for the 
repayment of all advanced Expenses, but in no event shall the Executive 
take longer than one year from the time the determination is made to repay 
in full the amounts advanced by the Company under this Agreement.
 
  	4. 	  	Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to require the 
Company to advance to the Executive any other costs or expenses, whether or 
not incurred in connection with the Specified Proceedings.
 
  	5. 	  	The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving 10 
days prior written notice to the Executive. Unless otherwise required by 
law or by the terms of this Agreement, any Expenses incurred by the 
Executive prior to the time notice is given as provided in this paragraph, 
shall be paid by the Company in accordance with this Agreement.
 
  	6. 	  	Subject to paragraph 5 of this Agreement, the rights and 
obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall continue following 
any termination of the Executives employment with the Company.
 
  	7. 	  	This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of 
the Company and the Executive with respect to the subject matter of this 
Agreement. This Agreement shall be construed, governed and enforced in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of 
November 12, 2007.
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	BANCINSURANCE CORPORATION 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	
 
  	 
  	  	  	  	Matthew D. Walter, Chairman of the Special 	  	 
  	  	  	  	Committee of the Directors 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	[                      ], individually 	  	 

3