 EX-10.29 2 p74624exv10w29.htm EX-10.29


 

Exhibit 10.29


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (Agreement) dated June 6, 2006, is between 
INPLAY TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Nevada corporation (InPlay), and Eric 
Vandewater (Executive).


RECITALS

A. 	  	Executive currently serves as the Chief Technology Officer of 
InPlay. InPlay desires to assure itself of the continued availability of 
Executive.
 
B. 	  	Executive and InPlay are parties to an Employment and Separation 
Agreement dated June 6, 2006.


AGREEMENT

In consideration of the mutual covenants, premises, terms, and conditions 
of the parties set forth herein, and the performance of each, InPlay and 
Executive hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE I
EMPLOYMENT

1.1 Employment. InPlay hereby employs Executive, and Executive hereby 
accepts such employment, to serve as the Chief Technology Officer of InPlay 
and in such other capacities and for such other duties and services as 
shall from time to time be mutually agreed upon by InPlay and the 
Executive.

1.2 Best Efforts of Executive. Executive shall devote the required business 
time, attention, and efforts to the performance of Executives duties under 
this Agreement, and shall serve InPlay faithfully and diligently while 
employed by InPlay.

1.3 Compensation.

(a) Base Salary. InPlay shall pay to Executive, as full compensation for 
the services rendered by Executive, during Executives employment under 
this Agreement, as salary at a rate of $200,000 per annum to be paid in 
equal bi-weekly installments.

(b) Fair Market Value Stock Options. InPlay shall grant to Executive, on or 
about the first day of employment, 45,000 options to purchase shares of 
InPlays common stock. The options shall vest on the following schedule: 
15,000 on December 31, 2006; 15,000 on December 31, 2007; and 15,000 on 
December 31, 2008. Additional options may be granted upon approval by 
board.

(c) Key Performance Bonus Plan. Inplay shall pay to Executive, during 
Executives employment under this Agreement, a bonus based upon performance 
against Annual Key Performance Indicators. The Executive may earn an annual 
bonus of up to $35,000 under this plan.


ARTICLE II
TERMINATION; RIGHTS ON TERMINATION

2.1 Definitions.

(a) Termination shall mean the termination of Executives status as an 
employee of InPlay or any successor of InPlay.

(b) Termination Occurrences shall mean one of the following events:

  	(i) 	  	If InPlay changes the market direction of the Company and 
Executive is asked to leave InPlay or the successor company.
 
  	(ii) 	  	There is management reorganization within InPlay, or a 
successor company, and the Executive is asked to leave the Company.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

2.2 Compensation and Termination Provisions. If any of the events defined 
as Terminations Occurrences occurs, Executive shall be entitled to: a) six 
(6) months (13 biweekly salary payments) of severance pay at the 
Executives current rate of annual Base Salary; b) immediate 100% vesting 
of all outstanding options granted; and c) 100% deemed earned Key 
Performance Bonus for that year.

 