 EX-10.78 3 file3.htm EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Execution Copy: 11/13/07


EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, made as of November 12, 2007 (this Agreement
), by and between Castle Brands Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), and Donald Marsh (the Executive).

In consideration of the mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, the 
parties hereto agree as follows:


AGREEMENT:

1. Employment and Duties. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the 
Company has agreed to employ Executive, and Executive has accepted such 
employment, commencing as of November 12, 2007. Effective as of November 
15, 2007 (the Effective Date), Executive shall become President and Chief 
Operating Officer of the Company. At all times on and after the Effective 
Date and during the term of his employment, Executive shall be the 
Companys most senior executive officer, and all corporate officers shall 
report to Executive. If and for so long as requested or required by the 
Board of Directors of the Company (the Board), Executive will also serve 
as the Companys principal executive officer. From and after the Effective 
Date, Executive shall have all responsibilities and authorities as are 
customary for a president and chief operating officer and as are customary 
for the most senior executive officer of an enterprise similar to the 
Company including, without limitation, responsibility for strategic 
planning, corporate finance, sales and marketing, agency relationships, and 
internal administration. Executive will have responsibility for such other 
job-related duties as may be assigned to Executive from time to time by the 
Board, and will report directly to the Board.

2. Performance of Services. Executive agrees that throughout the term of 
his employment hereunder he will devote his full business time, attention, 
knowledge and skills, faithfully, diligently and to the best of his 
ability, in furtherance of the business of the Company and its direct or 
indirect subsidiaries and will perform the duties assigned to him from time 
to time pursuant to Section 1, subject, at all times, to the direction of 
the Board, and to the written policies of the Company generally applicable 
to its executives. During the term of his employment hereunder, Executive 
will not accept other employment or permit his personal business interests 
to materially interfere with his duties hereunder.

3. Term. Executive will be employed for a term commencing on November 12, 
2007 and ending on October 31, 2009 (the Term), unless his employment is 
terminated prior to the expiration of the Term pursuant to Section 6. The 
Term shall automatically be extended for an additional two (2) year period 
on substantially the same terms as are in effect on the last day of the 
Term, unless either party gives notice of nonrenewal at least ninety (90) 
days prior to the expiration of the then effective Term, in which case 
Executives employment hereunder shall terminate at the end of such Term.

4. Compensation. During the Term of this Agreement the Company agrees to 
pay to Executive:

(a) Salary. A salary at the rate of $320,000 per year the Base Salary), 
payable in accordance with the Companys standard payroll practices for 
executives as
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


in effect from time to time. Such Base Salary may be increased (but not 
decreased), in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the 
Board (Compensation Committee), on the basis of periodic reviews, which 
shall occur no less frequently than on an annual basis, commencing with the 
annual reviews for the Companys other executive officers for 2008.

(b) Bonus. In recognition of the services provided by Executive in his 
prior capacity as a consultant to the Corporation, $100,000 shall be paid 
to Executive upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

(c) Stock Option Grants. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, 
the Compensation Committee approved the grant to Executive of an option to 
purchase Common Stock of the Company having the terms set forth in the form 
of grant agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Option).

(d) Incentive Bonus. In each fiscal year, Executive shall be eligible to 
receive an annual cash performance bonus equal to up to 110% of the initial 
Base Salary provided for in Section 4(a) above (the Maximum Bonus), 
subject to successful achievement of goals and objectives that have been 
agreed upon by the Executive and the Compensation Committee of the Board in 
connection with the approval of this Agreement, payable at such time or 
times as the Compensation Committee has specifically authorized, and 
otherwise in accordance with the Companys standard practices for 
executives as in effect from time to time; provided, however, that in no 
event shall Executive receive a bonus for either fiscal year 2008 or 2009 
(ending on March 31, 2008 and March 31, 2009, respectively) which is less 
than $192,000 (the Minimum Bonus). In addition to the annual incentive 
bonus opportunity described in the preceding sentence, Executive shall also 
be eligible for a threshold supplemental performance bonus in the amount of 
50% of initial Base Salary (Threshold Supplemental Performance Bonus), 
and for a maximum supplemental performance bonus in the amount of 150% of 
initial Base Salary (Maximum Supplemental Performance Bonus) based on the 
level of achievement of strategic objectives identified by the Compensation 
Committee in connection with its approval of this Agreement (each also 
referred to as a Supplemental Performance Bonus). In the event of any 
termination of employment, other than for Cause or by Executive without 
Good Reason, that occurs after all conditions for payment of any annual 
incentive bonus or any Supplemental Performance Bonus have been satisfied, 
other than any condition that Executive be employed on the date for payment 
(Employment Condition), such bonus shall be treated as earned for all 
purposes of this Agreement and payment shall be made to the extent provided 
in Section 6 without regard to any Employment Condition.

(e) Vacation. Executive shall be entitled to twenty (20) paid vacation days 
in each calendar year, plus paid Company holidays.

(f) Other Benefits. Executive will be entitled to participate, to the 
extent he is eligible under the terms and conditions thereof, in all 
profit-sharing, hospitalization, insurance, medical, disability, or other 
fringe benefit or executive perquisite plans generally available to other 
senior executives of the Company. Executive shall at all times during the 
Term, and thereafter in respect of actions taken, or not taken, by 
Executive during the Term, be entitled to (i) indemnification and fee 
advancement to the maximum extent permitted by law, and (ii) coverage as a 
named insured under policies of directors and officers liability insurance 
that are not less favorable than those in effect on the Effective Date. 
Notwithstanding any other
 
 
-2-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


provision of this Agreement, the obligations set forth in the preceding 
sentence shall survive and remain in full force and effect following any 
termination of employment for any reason.

5. Expenses. The Company will reimburse Executive for all expenses 
reasonably incurred by him in connection with the performance of his duties 
hereunder and the business of the Company upon the submission to the 
Company of appropriate invoices therefor, all in accordance with the 
Companys policies and procedures as in effect from time to time for senior 
executives of the Company. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) 
Executive will not be required to relocate at any time during the Term, 
(ii) to the maximum extent practicable, Executive will be free to arrange 
his business travel to locations other than the Companys principal 
executive offices in New York City (Business Travel) so that it can be 
initiated from, and provide for direct return to, Kentucky or other 
temporary living location, without first traveling to New York City, and 
(iii) it will be necessary for Executive to spend at least a majority of 
his business time when not engaged in Business Travel in New York City, and 
(iv) all reasonable meals, lodging and travel to New York City shall be 
reimbursed on the same basis as they have been reimbursed prior to the 
Effective Date.

6. Termination. The following provisions describe the compensation and 
benefits that will be payable to Executive upon his termination of 
employment according to the applicable circumstances set forth below.

(a) Termination by the Company Without Cause. The Company may terminate the 
employment of Executive hereunder at any time without Cause (as hereinafter 
defined). Notice of any such termination must be in writing and will be 
effective upon receipt by Executive. In the event that the employment of 
Executive is terminated pursuant to this Section 6(a) then, unless there 
has been a judicial determination or arbitrators decision that Executive 
has breached one or more of Sections 7, 9, 10 and 22 of this Agreement (an 
Adverse Determination), the Company will continue to pay to Executive the 
Base Salary as in effect on the date of such termination, in accordance 
with the standard payroll practices of the Company as in effect from time 
to time, for a term of twelve (12) months immediately following the date of 
such termination. In addition, in the event the employment of Executive is 
terminated pursuant to this clause (a), any unpaid annual incentive or 
unpaid Supplemental Performance Bonus described in Section 4(d) that in 
either case has been earned prior to the date of termination shall be paid 
to Executive when due and in all events not later than 75 days from the end 
of such fiscal year to which such bonus relates. Executive shall also 
receive a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination based 
on the portion of the fiscal year to which such incentive bonus relates 
that Executive was employed; provided, however, that the Minimum Bonus for 
the first year of employment shall in no event be subject to pro-ration. In 
addition, unless there is an Adverse Determination (i) during the twelve 
(12) month period (eighteen (18) month period with respect to participation 
in the Companys medical plans; provided that such benefits may be 
immediately terminated by the Company upon Executives qualification for 
coverage under the medical plans of another employer) immediately following 
termination of Executive pursuant to this Section 6(a), to the extent 
permissible under any relevant benefit plans of the Company, the Company 
shall continue to provide participation to Executive in all other benefits 
provided for under Section 4(e), at the Companys expense, (ii) on the date 
of termination pursuant to this Section 6(a), the vesting and 
exercisability of any unvested options then held by Executive shall 
accelerate with respect to the number of shares of the Companys common 
stock that equals (x) the number of shares that would have vested and 
become exercisable during the 12 months
 
 
-3-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


following termination of Executive multiplied by (y) a fraction, the 
numerator of which is the number of full calendar months that have elapsed 
since the last vesting date or since March 1, 2007 (if a vesting date has 
not occurred) and the denominator of which is the number of full calendar 
months from the last vesting date or from March 1, 2007 (if a vesting date 
has not occurred) to the vesting date occurring during the 12 months 
following termination, and (iii) any stock option held by Executive that is 
vested at the time of Executives termination pursuant to this Section 6(a) 
(including any portion of such option for which vesting was accelerated 
pursuant to the preceding sentence) will be exercisable until the earlier 
to occur of (i) the expiration date of such option pursuant to its terms 
and (ii) twelve (12) months following the date of termination pursuant to 
this Section 6(a).

(b) Termination by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate the 
employment of Executive hereunder for Cause (as hereinafter defined). 
Executive shall be entitled to thirty (30) days prior written notice of the 
Companys intent to terminate Executive hereunder and the right to appear 
before the Board (with counsel) to address and, if curable, cure such Cause 
during such thirty (30) day notice period. Any notice of intent to 
terminate for Cause must specify the particular grounds therefor in 
reasonable detail. In the event that the employment of Executive is 
terminated pursuant to this clause (b), the Company will pay to Executive 
the amount of all accrued but unpaid Base Salary to the date of such 
termination, but no annual incentive bonus will be paid with respect to (x) 
the year in which termination occurs, or (y) the immediately prior year if 
Executive is terminated under this clause (b) prior to payment of the bonus 
applicable to such prior year. As used herein, Cause means Executives 
(i) willful misconduct which is demonstrably and materially injurious to 
the Company, (ii) breach of fiduciary duty, (iii) substantial and 
continuing willful refusal by the Executive to perform the duties required 
of the Executive hereunder (other than any such refusal resulting from 
incapacity due to physical or mental illness) after a written demand for 
substantial performance is delivered to the Executive by the Board which 
specifically identifies the manner in which it is believed that the 
Executive has substantially and continually refused to perform his duties 
hereunder; (v) conviction of, or the entry by the Executive of any plea of 
guilty or nolo contendere to, any felony or other lesser crime that would 
require removal from his position at the Company (e.g. any alcohol or drug 
related misdemeanor); provided, however, that in any of the foregoing 
circumstances, (a) with respect to Cause pursuant to (ii) or (iii) of this 
Section 6(b), Executive has failed to cure such Cause within the thirty 
(30) day period referenced in the second sentence of this Section 6(b), and 
(b) failure to achieve performance objectives shall not, in and of itself, 
be a basis for termination for Cause. In the event Executive is terminated 
for Cause, any stock option held by Executive shall be treated as provided 
in Exhibit A.

(c) Termination by Executive. Executive may terminate his employment 
hereunder (x) at any time without Good Reason or (y) with Good Reason (as 
hereinafter defined). Notice of any such termination must be in writing and 
will be effective sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company or such 
earlier date as may be specified by the Company after receipt of such 
notice. In the event that Executive terminates employment pursuant to 
subclause (x) of this clause (c), the Company will pay to Executive the 
amount of all accrued but unpaid Base Salary to the date of such 
termination, and any unpaid annual incentive bonus and any unpaid 
Supplemental Performance Bonus described in section 4(d) that in either 
case that has been earned prior to the date of termination shall be paid to 
Executive, on the same basis as is provided in Section 6(a), not later than 
75 days from the end of the fiscal year to which such bonus relates, but no 
annual incentive bonus will be paid with respect to the year in
 
 
-4-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


which termination occurs. In the event that Executive terminates employment 
hereunder pursuant to subclause (y) of this clause (c) unless there has 
been an Adverse Determination, Executive will be entitled to receive the 
same salary, benefits and bonus payments, at the same time and in the same 
form, as would be provided were he to be terminated by the Company without 
Cause pursuant to Section 6(a) above. Further, in the event Executive 
terminates his employment hereunder with or without Good Reason, unless 
there has been an Adverse Determination, any stock option held by Executive 
that is vested at the time of Executives termination will be exercisable 
until the earlier to occur of (A) the expiration date of such option 
pursuant to its terms and (B) one year following the termination of 
Executives employment. As used herein, Good Reason means a termination 
by Executive of Executives employment hereunder within ninety (90) days 
after (i) any material diminution in the nature, title or scope of 
Executives job responsibilities from those set forth in Section 1, 
including for the avoidance of doubt, the appointment after November 14, 
2007, of any person other than Executive to be Chief Executive Officer of 
the Company, or to any other position more senior to Executives, in terms 
of responsibilities or reporting relationships, without Executives prior 
written consent, (ii) dissolution or divestiture of all or a significant 
portion of the Company or other material change in the Company, which in 
each case would materially adversely diminish the nature, title or scope of 
Executives job responsibilities from those set forth in Section 1, or 
(iii) the Companys material breach of any provision of this Agreement 
which is not cured within fifteen (15) business days after written notice 
thereof from Executive to the Company.

(d) Termination Upon Death. This Agreement will terminate automatically on 
the death of Executive. In the event that the employment of Executive is 
terminated pursuant to this clause (d), the Company will promptly pay to 
the representative of Executive, in one cash lump sum, not later than 30 
business days from the date of such termination, the amount of all accrued 
but unpaid Base Salary to the date of such termination and an amount equal 
to one years Base Salary. The Company shall also pay, not later than 75 
days from the end of the applicable fiscal year, any unpaid annual 
incentive bonus described in section 4(d) with respect to any fiscal year 
that has been completed prior to the date of termination and any unpaid 
Supplemental Performance Bonus, that in either case has been earned prior 
to the date of termination, on the same basis as is provided in Section 
6(a), and the annual incentive bonus, if any, described in Section 4(d) 
with respect to the year in which termination occurs (pro rated for the 
portion of the fiscal year in which Executive was so employed). Further, 
any stock option held by Executive that is vested at the time of death will 
be exercisable by Executives personal representative or estate for a 
period of two (2) years from date of death and all unvested stock options 
held by Executive shall fully vest and be exercisable by Executives 
personal representative or estate for a period of six months from date of 
death.

(e) Termination by the Company by Reason of Disability. The Company may 
terminate the employment of Executive hereunder after Executive becomes 
Disabled. Notice of any such termination must be in writing and will be 
effective thirty (30) days after receipt by Executive. In the event that 
the employment of Executive is terminated pursuant to this clause (e), the 
Company will continue to pay to Executive the Base Salary per annum as in 
effect on the date of such termination, in accordance with the standard 
payroll practices of the Company as in effect from time to time, for a term 
of twelve (12) months immediately following the date of such termination 
(less the amount, if any, received by Executive from any disability 
insurance maintained by the Company), and an amount equal to The Company 
shall also pay, not later than 75 days from the end of the applicable 
fiscal year,
 
 
-5-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


any unpaid annual incentive bonus described in section 4(d) with respect to 
any fiscal year that has been completed prior to the date of termination 
and any unpaid Supplemental Performance Bonus, that in either case has been 
earned prior to the date of termination, on the same basis as is provided 
in Section 6(a), and the annual incentive bonus, if any, described in 
Section 4(d) with respect to the year in which termination occurs (pro 
rated for the portion of the fiscal year in which Executive was so 
employed). Further, any stock option held by Executive that is vested at 
the time of termination for disability will be exercisable for a period of 
six (6) months from date of such termination for disability and all 
unvested stock options held by Executive shall fully vest and be 
exercisable for a period of six (6) months from date of termination for 
disability. As used herein, the term Disabled means Executive becoming 
physically or mentally disabled or incapacitated to the extent that he has 
been or will be unable to perform his duties hereunder on account of such 
disabilities or incapacitation for a continuous period of six (6) months as 
determined by a qualified independent physician or group of physicians 
selected by the Company and approved by Executive or his representative, 
such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.

(f) Change of Control. A Change of Control shall have occurred if: (i) 
any person (as such term is used in Section 13(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) becomes the 
beneficial owner (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange 
Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 
more than thirty-five percent (35%) of the aggregate voting power of the 
Companys then outstanding securities, other than by acquisition directly 
from the Company; (ii) there has been a merger or equivalent combination 
involving the Company after which forty-nine percent (49%) or more of the 
voting stock of the surviving corporation is held by persons other than 
former shareholders of the Company; or (iii) the Company sells or disposes 
of all or substantially all of its assets. In the event that the employment 
of Executive is terminated following or in connection with a Change in 
Control, then the Company or its successor, as applicable, will pay to 
Executive an amount equivalent to two hundred percent (200%) of Executives 
Base Salary per annum as in effect on the date of such termination. Unless 
there has been an Adverse Determination, the Company shall during the 
twenty-four (24) month period immediately following termination of 
Executive following or in connection with a Change in Control pursuant to 
this Section 6(f), to the extent permissible under any relevant benefit 
plans of the Company, continue to provide participation to Executive in all 
other benefits provided for under Section 4(e), at the Companys expense. 
In addition, in the event that the employment of Executive is terminated 
following or in connection with a Change in Control pursuant to this 
Section 6(f), the Company shall also pay, not later than 75 days from the 
end of the applicable fiscal year, any earned but unpaid annual incentive 
described in section 4(d) with respect to any fiscal year that has been 
completed prior to the date of termination, and any earned but unpaid 
Supplemental Performance Bonus, and a pro-rated annual incentive bonus with 
respect to the year in which termination occurs, all on the same basis as 
is provided in Section 6(a), but without duplication thereof. Further, all 
unvested stock options will vest without further action on the date of 
termination and all stock options shall be exercisable during the remainder 
of their original terms. Further, in the event that any amount otherwise 
payable hereunder would be deemed to constitute a parachute payment (a 
Parachute Payment) within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and if any such Parachute 
Payment, when added to any other payments which are deemed to constitute 
Parachute Payments, would otherwise result in the imposition of an excise 
tax under Section 4999 of the
 
 
-6-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Code, the amounts payable hereunder shall be reduced by the smallest amount 
necessary to avoid the imposition of such excise tax. Any such limitation 
shall be applied to such compensation and benefit amounts, and in such 
order, as the Company shall determine in its sole discretion; provided, 
however, that the Company shall utilize commercially reasonable efforts in 
the event of a Change of Control pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iii) above to 
cause an acquirer in such Change of Control to engage Executive as a 
consultant in a manner that would permit Executive to earn an amount at 
least equal to any reductions to the amounts to be paid to the Consultant 
pursuant to this Section 6(f) resulting from the immediately preceding 
sentence. For purposes of this Agreement, (i) any termination of 
Executives employment from the Company without Cause or for Good Reason, 
that occurs within three months prior to the occurrence of a Change in 
Control will be conclusively presumed to be in connection with such Change 
in Control, and (ii) any such termination that is following or in 
connection with a Change in Control shall entitle Executive to the benefits 
set forth in this Section 6(f), unless it is occurs less than three months 
after the occurrence of a supplemental performance objective that entitles 
Executive to be paid a Maximum Supplemental Performance Bonus, in which 
event Executive shall be entitled to the same benefits as are set forth in 
Section 6(a).

(g) Termination as a Result of Company Non-Renewal. If the Company delivers 
a notice of nonrenewal pursuant to Section 3 at the end of the initial Term 
of employment, and Executives employment terminates at the end of such 
term then following the end of the Term, the Company shall pay to Executive 
his Base Salary and benefits for a period of six (6) months (but eighteen 
(18) months with respect to the Companys medical plans; provided that such 
benefits may be immediately terminated by the Company upon Executives 
qualification for coverage under the medical plans of another employer) in 
accordance with its payroll policies. In addition to the foregoing payments 
due under this Section 6(g), if, within 12 months of Executives 
termination of employment, (i) a supplemental performance objective occurs 
that would have entitled Executive to payment of a Maximum Supplemental 
Performance Bonus had his employment continued, then Executive shall be 
paid such Maximum Supplemental Performance Bonus upon the occurrence of 
such event, and (ii) a transaction is consummated that meets the definition 
of a Change of Control for purposes of this Agreement and in which 
Executive was significantly involved prior to termination of his 
employment, then Executive shall be paid a Threshold Supplemental 
Performance Bonus upon the occurrence of such event. If the initial Term is 
extended, any termination of employment that results from the Companys 
delivery of a notice of non-renewal at the end of that or any later Term 
will be treated for all purposes as a termination by the Company without 
Cause. For this purpose, any offer to renew that is not on terms at least 
substantially equivalent to those set forth in this Agreement shall be 
treated as a notice of non-renewal.

(h) Release and Further Obligations. As a condition to the payments and 
other consideration provided to Executive under each clause of this Section 
6, Executive or his representative shall have executed and delivered to the 
Company the form of general release attached hereto as Exhibit B. Except as 
otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, in the Option, or in the 
terms of the release, from and after the effective date of any termination 
of Executives employment hereunder pursuant to this Section 6, the Company 
will have no further obligations (for the payment of money or otherwise) to 
Executive or his representative, as applicable, and Executive shall have no 
further obligations to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or 
affiliates.
 
 
-7-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


7. Confidentiality.

(a) Executive will not, at any time following the Effective Date, 
regardless of whether Executive continues to be employed by the Company 
and, if Executives employment has been terminated, regardless of the 
manner, reason, time or cause thereof, directly or indirectly reveal, 
report, publish, disclose, transfer or furnish to any person not entitled 
to receive the same for the immediate benefit of the Company any 
Proprietary Information (as hereinafter defined). The term Proprietary 
Information means all information of any nature whatsoever, and in any 
form, which at the time or times concerns or relates to any aspect of any 
business that the Company, or its direct or indirect subsidiaries are 
involved in or actively contemplating (the Business) and which is 
confidential or proprietary to the Company. Proprietary Information 
includes, but is not limited to, items, materials and information 
concerning the following: marketing plans or strategies; budgets; designs; 
promotional strategies; client preferences and policies; creative 
activities for clients; concepts; intellectual property and trade secrets; 
product plans; financial information and all documentation, reports and 
data (recorded in any form) relating to the foregoing. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Proprietary Information does not include any information to 
the extent it becomes publicly known through no fault of Executive or any 
information which Executive is required to disclose as a result of a 
subpoena or other legal process.

(b) Executive agrees that all memoranda, notes, records, papers or other 
documents, computer disks, computer software programs and the like and all 
copies thereof, relating to the Business (the Business Records) are and 
will be the sole and exclusive property of the Company or its direct or 
indirect subsidiaries, as the case may be. Except for use for the benefit 
of the Company or its direct or indirect subsidiaries, as the case may be. 
Executive will not copy or duplicate any of the Business Records, nor 
remove them from the facilities of the Company or its direct or indirect 
subsidiaries, as the case may be. Executive must comply with any and all 
procedures which the Company or its direct or indirect subsidiaries may 
adopt from time to time to preserve the confidentiality of Proprietary 
Information and the confidentiality of property of the types described 
immediately above, whether or not such property contains a legend 
indicating its confidential nature.

(c) Upon termination of Executives employment with the Company for any 
reason whatsoever and at any other time upon the Companys request, 
Executive (or his personal representative) must deliver to the Company all 
property described in this Section 7 which is in his possession or control.

8. Representations and Warranties. Executive represents and warrants to the 
Company that he is not a party to any employment agreement or other 
agreement which restricts, interferes with or impairs, or which might be 
claimed to restrict, interfere with or impair, in any way, Executives use 
of any information or Executives execution or performance of this 
Agreement. The Company represents and warrants to Executive that, on or 
prior to the execution of this Agreement, (i) it has obtained all requisite 
Board and Compensation Committee approvals necessary to enable it to enter 
into this Agreement, and to pay the cash and incentive compensation, grant 
the Option and provide the other benefits referenced herein, (ii) adequate 
shares have been and will at all times be reserved for issuance upon 
exercise of the Option, and (iii) it shall, at all times when the Companys 
common stock is publicly traded, maintain and keep in effect a registration 
statement on Form S-8 covering the sale of the shares to Executive upon 
exercise of the Option.
 
 
-8-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


9. Discoveries and Improvements. Executive acknowledges and agrees that all 
inventions, discoveries, and improvements, whether patentable or 
unpatentable, made, devised, or discovered by Executive, whether by 
himself, or jointly with others, from the date hereof until the expiration 
of the Term hereof, reasonably deemed to be directly related to or 
pertaining in any way to the Business, will be promptly disclosed in 
writing to the CEO (or such other officer as the CEO may designate) of the 
Company and will be the sole and exclusive property of the Company. 
Executive agrees to execute any assignments to the Company or its nominee 
of his entire right, title, and interest in and to any such inventions, 
discoveries, and improvements and to execute and deliver at the cost of the 
Company any other instruments and documents that may be requested by the 
Company that are requisite or desirable in applying for and obtaining 
patents, copyrights or trademarks, with respect thereto in the United 
States and in all foreign countries. Executive further agrees, whether or 
not in the employ of the Company, to cooperate, to the extent and in the 
manner requested by the Company, in the prosecution or defense of any 
patent, trademark or copyright claims or any litigation or other proceeding 
involving any inventions, trade secrets, processes, discoveries, or 
improvements covered by this Agreement, provided that all expenses thereof 
shall be paid by the Company.

10. Restrictive Covenants.

(a) Executive acknowledges and agrees that his position with the Company 
places him in a position of confidence and trust with respect to 
Proprietary Information. Executive consequently agrees that it is 
reasonable and necessary for the protection of the goodwill of the Business 
that Executive make the covenants contained herein. Accordingly, Executive 
agrees that, during the Term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve 
(12) months after the date of expiration or termination of Executives 
employment hereunder for any reason whatsoever, Executive will not, without 
the prior written consent of the Company and provided that the Company has 
not failed to make any payments to the Executive when due in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 6 and otherwise comply with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, (i) employ, solicit or encourage to leave the 
employ of the Company, or to become employed by any person other than the 
Company, any employee of the Company, or any individual who was an employee 
of the Company during the one year prior to the termination or expiration 
of Executives employment, (ii) persuade or attempt to persuade any 
customer of the Company as of the date of the termination or expiration of 
Executives employment or during the one year prior to the termination or 
expiration of Executives employment to cease doing business with, or to 
reduce the amount of business it does with, the Company, or solicit the 
business of any of the Companys customers as of the date of the 
termination or expiration during the one year prior to the termination or 
expiration of Executives employment hereunder with respect to any product 
or service which competes with the products and services of the Company as 
of the date of termination of Executives employment or (iii) compete with 
the Company as a consultant to, employee of, or equity participant in, any 
venture which competes with the Business within the United States of 
America. No provision of this Section 10 shall prohibit Executive from 
merely owning (i.e., having no participation or involvement in the 
management) no more than three percent (3%) of the outstanding equity 
securities of any actively traded public entity.

(b) Executive has carefully considered the nature and extent of the 
restrictions upon him and the rights and remedies conferred upon the 
Company under Sections 10 and 11 of this Agreement and hereby acknowledges 
and agrees that the same are reasonable
 
 
-9-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


in time and territory, are designed to avoid competition which otherwise 
would be unfair to the Company, do not stifle the inherent skill and 
experience of Executive, would not operate as a bar to Executives sole 
means of support, are required to protect the legitimate interests of the 
Company and do not confer a benefit upon the Company disproportionate to 
the benefit otherwise afforded Executive by this Agreement.

11. Certain Remedies. The parties hereto acknowledge that in the event of a 
breach or a threatened breach by Executive of any of his obligations under 
Sections 7, 9 or 10 of this Agreement the Company will not have an adequate 
remedy at law. Accordingly, in the event of any such breach or threatened 
breach by Executive, the Company will be entitled to such equitable and 
injunctive relief as may be available to restrain Executive and any 
business, firm, partnership, individual, corporation or entity 
participating in such breach or threatened breach from the violation of the 
provisions hereof, and nothing herein will be construed as prohibiting the 
Company from pursuing any other remedies available at law or in equity for 
such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of damages.

12. Notices. Any notice provided for in this Agreement must be in writing 
and must be either personally delivered, mailed by first class mail 
(postage prepaid and return receipt requested) or sent by reputable 
overnight courier service (charges prepaid) to the recipient at the address 
below indicated or at such other address or to the attention of such other 
person as the recipient party has specified by prior written notice to the 
sending party. Notices will be deemed to have been given hereunder and 
received when delivered personally, five days after deposit in the U.S. 
mail and one day after deposit for overnight delivery with a reputable 
overnight courier service. All notices hereunder to the Company shall be 
addressed to the Secretary of the Company at 570 Lexington Avenue, 29th 
Floor, New York, NY, 10022, and to Executive at 2407 Cave Spring Place, 
Louisville, KY. Each such address for notice may be changed by notice of 
such change given to the other party hereto.

13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of 
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes 
all prior or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, of the 
parties or affiliates hereto relating to the subject matter hereof. No 
amendment, waiver or modification hereof will be valid or binding unless 
made in writing and signed by the parties hereto (in the case of an 
amendment or modification) or by the party against whom enforcement is 
sought (in the case of a waiver).

14. Governing Law/Arbitration. This Agreement will be governed, interpreted 
and construed according to the internal laws of the State of New York 
without regard to conflict of laws principles. Any controversy or claim 
arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement or the breach thereof, must 
be promptly settled by arbitration by a panel of three (3) arbitrators in 
New York, New York, in accordance with the Commercial Rules of the American 
Arbitration Association then in effect, and judgment upon the award 
rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. It is 
expressly understood that the arbitrators will have the authority to grant 
legal and equitable relief, including both temporary restraints and 
preliminary injunctive relief to the same extent as could a court of 
competent jurisdiction, and that the arbitrators are empowered to order 
either side to fully cooperate in promptly resolving any controversies or 
claims under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of 
a breach or threatened breach by Executive of any provision of Section 7, 9 
or 10 of this Agreement, the Company will be entitled to seek an injunction 
from any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of New York and 
Executive hereby submits to the personal jurisdiction
 
 
-10-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


of any such court. The Company shall bear all reasonable costs and expenses 
(including, but not limited to, Executives reasonable attorneys fees and 
costs and expenses) in connection with enforcement of his rights and any 
reasonable costs associated with the enforcement of any arbitration award 
in court; unless Executive fails to prevail on any material issue in such 
dispute. The Company shall also pay Executives reasonable legal fees and 
expenses (at standard hourly rates) in connection with the drafting and 
negotiation of this Agreement and related documents, which fees and 
expenses shall not exceed $25,000 in the aggregate.

15. Severability. Should any part of this Agreement be held or declared to 
be void or illegal for any reason by an arbitrator or court of competent 
jurisdiction, such provision will be ineffective, but all other parts of 
this Agreement which can be effected without such illegal part will 
nevertheless remain in full force and effect. In such a case, the parties 
shall, and the court of competent jurisdiction may, replace the invalid 
provision with a legally permissible arrangement, which comes nearest to 
the intended purpose of the invalid provision.

16. Headings. The Section headings contained in this Agreement are for 
reference purposes only and will not affect the meaning or interpretation 
of this Agreement.

17. Withholding. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, all payments 
required to be made by the Company hereunder to Executive will be subject 
to withholding of such amounts relating to taxes (whether or not related to 
payments required to be made by the Company hereunder) as the Company may 
reasonably determine it should withhold pursuant to any applicable law or 
regulation.

18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original, but all of 
which will collectively constitute a single original.

19. No Reliance; Opportunity to Consult with Counsel. The parties hereto 
each represent to the other that in executing this Agreement each does not 
rely upon, and has not relied upon, any representation or statement not set 
forth herein with regard to the subject matter, basis or effect of this 
Agreement or otherwise. Executive acknowledges that he has had an 
opportunity to consult with an attorney of his choice prior to executing 
this Agreement.

20. No Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor the right to receive any 
payments hereunder may be assigned by Executive except as provided for 
herein. This Agreement will be binding upon Executive, his heirs, executors 
and administrators and upon the Company, its successors and assigns.

21. No Mitigation or Setoff. Executive shall not be required to mitigate 
the amount of any damages that Executive may incur or other payments to be 
made to Executive hereunder as a result of any termination or expiration of 
this Agreement. Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries or 
affiliates shall be entitled to set-off against the amounts payable to 
Executive under this Agreement any amounts earned by or owed to Executive, 
in other employment after termination of his employment, or for any other 
reason.

22. Non-Disparagement. Executive agrees not to publicly criticize, 
denigrate or disparage the Company, its past and present direct and 
indirect subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns and all of their 
past and present employees, officers and directors. The Company agrees not 
to, and to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its past and 
present
 
 
-11-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


direct and indirect subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns and all 
of their past and present employees, officers and directors not to, 
publicly criticize, denigrate or disparage Executive.

23. Survival. The provisions of Sections 4(f), 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 14, 15, 
17, 20, 21, 22 and this Section 23 will survive the termination or 
expiration of this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed as of the day and year first above written.
 
 
Castle Brands Inc.
 
Executive
By: 

/s/ Seth Weinberg
 
By: 

/s/ Donald Marsh
 
Name: Seth Weinberg
Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
 
 
Name: Donald Marsh
 
 
-12-
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT A

FORM OF OPTION AGREEMENT

CASTLE BRANDS INC.

STOCK OPTION GRANT AGREEMENT
 
 Granted to: Donald L. Marsh
 

Grant Date: November 12, 2007
  	  	 
 Social Security No.: ______________
 
Option price per share: $3.09
  	  	 
 Option No.: ___
 
Governing Document: Castle Brands Inc.
2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan)
 Total Shares: 250,000
 
 
  	  	 
 Vesting Period: Four Years
 
 

Your Option

This option is granted pursuant to, and is subject to the terms and 
conditions of, the Plan and the Employment Agreement between you and the 
Company to which this Form of Option Agreement is attached Employment 
Agreement). Except as otherwise specifically stated herein, any 
inconsistency between the terms of this option agreement and the Employment 
Agreement shall be resolved by reference to the terms and provisions which 
are more favorable to you. Any remaining inconsistency between the terms of 
this option agreement and the Employment Agreement and the terms of the 
Plan, shall be resolved by reference to the terms and provisions of the 
Plan.

Your option shall be treated as an option which is not an incentive stock 
option.

Vesting

This option shall vest and become exercisable evenly over four years, 
commencing on March 1, 2007, at the rate of 25% per year, subject to your 
continued employment on the applicable vesting date. This option shall be 
subject to acceleration of vesting and exercisability as provided in the 
Employment Agreement and you will receive credit for one additional year of 
service for determining your vesting and exercisability rights on the first 
date on which you have earned a Threshold Supplemental Performance Bonus 
and your right to exercise the option shall become fully vested and 
exercisable on the first date on which you have earned the Maximum 
Supplemental Performance Bonus, as each such term is defined in the 
Employment Agreement.

Payment Methods
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Payment of the option price shall be made in U.S. dollars or in Common 
Stock of the Corporation valued at its fair market value, or in a 
combination of such Common Stock and cash, or by any other method as may be 
approved by the Compensation Committee or otherwise permitted under the 
Plan. However, payment may not be made with Common Stock unless stock has 
been held for at least six months. Payment shall be made to the Corporation 
at its corporate office, Castle Brands Inc., 570 Lexington Avenue, 29th 
Floor, New York, NY 10022, Attention: President.

Conditions of Exercisability

The exercise of your option is subject to the following terms and 
conditions:

As a prerequisite to delivery of any stock certificates upon your exercise 
of an option granted hereunder, you shall give an undertaking and agree to 
the placing of such legends on your certificates as may be required by the 
Compensation Committee to assure compliance with any federal or state 
securities laws. The Common Stock purchased pursuant to the exercise of an 
option granted hereunder cannot be sold unless it has been registered under 
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), or is subject to an 
exemption from registration under such Act.

Except as provided below or in the Employment Agreement, you must be an 
employee or director of, or a consultant to the Corporation or one of its 
subsidiaries at the date of exercise and that employment, directorship or 
consultancy must have been continuous from the date hereof. For the 
purposes of the Plan, persons on company-authorized leaves of absence are 
considered employees; however, long-term disability is not considered 
employment.

In the event of a change of control of the Corporation your rights to 
exercise this option shall be governed by your employment agreement, or if 
not specifically addressed in your employment agreement or if you do not 
have an employment agreement, shall be governed by the Plan. In the event 
of (i) your death or (ii) the termination of your employment, directorship 
or consultancy by the Corporation for cause or without cause, by you or due 
to long-term disability while an active employee, director or consultant, 
your rights to exercise this option shall be governed by your employment 
agreement, or if not specifically addressed in your employment agreement or 
if you do not have an employment agreement, shall be as follows:

(a) In the event of your death while an active employee, director or 
consultant, your rights to exercise this option which have vested to and 
including the date of death may be exercised within one year after death by 
your estate or by any person who acquires such option by inheritance or 
devise. Thereafter, such rights shall lapse.

(b) In the event of the termination of your employment, directorship or 
consultancy due to long-term disability, your rights to exercise this 
option which have vested to and including the date of long-term disability 
may be exercised within one year after the start of long-term disability by 
you or, should you die within said one year period, by your estate or any 
such person who acquires this option by inheritance or devise. Thereafter, 
such rights shall lapse.
 
 
2
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(c) In the event of your Retirement (as defined below) from the 
Corporation, or one of its subsidiaries, your rights to exercise this 
option which have vested to and including the date of your Retirement may 
be exercised within three months after Retirement by you or, should you die 
within said three months period, by your estate or any person who acquires 
this option by inheritance or devise. Thereafter, such rights shall lapse. 
For purposes of this paragraph (c), the term Retirement shall mean the 
termination of employment after having reached age sixty-five (65).

(d) In the event of the termination of your employment by the Company 
without Cause or by you for Good Reason (each as defined in the Employment 
Agreement), or in the event of your death or disability, your rights to 
exercise this option which have vested to date of termination or in 
connection therewith may be exercised at any time within twelve months 
after such termination (the Post Termination Exercise Period) or, should 
you die within said twelve month period, by your estate or any person who 
acquires this option by inheritance or devise. Thereafter, such rights 
shall lapse.

(e) If your employment is terminated for Cause, the option granted 
hereunder shall provisionally terminate upon the giving of notice of your 
termination, but your rights under the Option shall be stayed pending 
conclusion of any arbitration proceeding you commence within sixty days of 
termination to contest such determination.

This option is not, in any event, exercisable after the expiration of ten 
years from the date of grant.

The exercise of this option is subject to all the terms and conditions 
contained in the Plan, a copy of which is attached hereto.

In connection with the exercise of this option, the Corporation, or one of 
its subsidiaries, shall have the right to withhold from your salary or 
other amounts payable to you, or to require you to make arrangements to pay 
in a manner satisfactory to the Corporation, the appropriate amount of 
applicable withholding taxes, if any. Without limiting the scope of the 
preceding sentence, you shall have the right to elect to pay your 
withholding taxes to the Corporation in cash or to have such number of 
shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable with respect to the exercise of 
this option reduced by the amount necessary to satisfy all or part, as you 
may so elect, of your statutory minimum withholding obligation, and to 
transfer to the Corporation unrestricted shares of Common Stock already 
held by you to satisfy all or any part, as you may so elect, of your 
withholding obligation, provided that no more than the statutory minimum 
withholding amount shall be so withheld.

Please retain this copy for your files.
 
CASTLE BRANDS INC.
 
GRANTEE:
 
By: 
 
 
 
Print Name:
Title:
 
Print Name:
 
 
3
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT B

Form of General Release

GENERAL RELEASE

1. As a condition to and in consideration of the payments and benefits 
described in Section 6 of the Employment Agreement, dated as of November 
12, 2007, between Castle Brands Inc. and me relating to my employment with 
Castle Brands Inc., and for other good and valuable consideration, I, with 
the intention of binding myself and my heirs, beneficiaries, trustees, 
administrators, executives, assigns and legal representatives 
(collectively, the Releasors), hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
release, remise, and forever discharge Castle Brands Inc. and the Releasees 
(as hereinafter defined) with respect to any and all agreements, promises, 
rights, liabilities, claims, and demands of any kind whatsoever (upon any 
legal or equitable theory, whether contractual, common law, or statutory, 
under federal, state or local law or otherwise), whether known or unknown, 
asserted or unasserted, fixed or contingent, apparent or concealed, that 
the Releasors ever had, now have or hereafter can, shall or may have for, 
upon, or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever existing, 
accruing, arising or occurring at any time on or prior to the date I 
execute this General Release, including, without limitation, (i) any and 
all rights and claims arising out of or in connection with my employment by 
Castle Brands Inc., the terms and conditions of such employment, or the 
termination of my employment; (ii) any and all contract claims, claims for 
bonuses, claims for severance allowances or entitlements; (iii) fraud 
claims, defamation, disparagement and other personal injury and tort 
claims; and (iv) claims under any federal, state, or municipal employee 
benefit, wage payment, discrimination, or fair employment practices law 
(e.g., on the basis of sex, religion, age, race, or disability), statute, 
or regulation, and claims for costs and expenses (including but not limited 
to experts fees and attorneys fees) with respect thereto. This General 
Release includes, without limitation, any and all rights and claims under 
the Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Americans with Disabilities Act 
of 1990, the U.S. Pregnancy Discrimination Act, the U.S. Family and Medical 
Leave Act, the U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act, the U.S. Equal Pay Act, The 
Workers Adjustment and Notification Act, the Equal Pay Act of 1963, the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit 
Protection Act of 1990, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Family and 
Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the New York 
Conscientious Employee Protection Act, the New York Equal Pay Act, the New 
York Smokers Rights Law, the New York Family Leave Act, the New York 
Genetic Privacy Act, and the New York Constitution, in each case as such 
laws have been or may be amended.

2. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Release, nothing in this 
General Release shall deprive Releasors of any compensation that was earned 
but not paid prior to my termination; accrued benefits to which I have 
acquired a vested right under any employee benefit plan or policy, stock 
plan or deferred compensation arrangement; any other benefits or any health 
care continuation coverage to the extent required by applicable law; or any 
right that I or my Releasors may have under the Employment Agreement with 
the Company dated as of November 12, 2007.
 
 
4
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


3. For purposes of this General Release, the term Castle Brands Inc. and 
the Releasees includes Castle Brands Inc., its past and present direct and 
indirect subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, and all of its and 
their past, preset, and future employees, officers, directors, attorneys, 
agents, and legal representatives, whether acting as agents or in 
individual capacities, and this General Release shall inure to the benefit 
of and shall be binding and enforceable by all such entities and 
individuals.

4. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this General Release, in the 
event that any of the parties released under this General Release initiates 
a lawsuit or other claim (each, an Original Lawsuit or Claim) against any 
of the Releasors, the Releasors may counterclaim or bring any lawsuit or 
other claim against such released party and/or Castle Brands Inc. and/or 
its subsidiaries so long as such counterclaim, lawsuit or other claim is 
related to the Original Lawsuit or Claim. Except as specifically stated in 
this Section 4, this Section 4 shall not affect the other provisions of 
this General Release

5. (a) Opportunity to Review. I acknowledge that before signing this 
General Release, I was given a period of at least twenty-one (21) days in 
which to review and consider it. I acknowledge that I was encouraged by 
Castle Brands Inc. to review this General Release, and that to the extent I 
wish to do so I have done so. I further acknowledge that I have read this 
General Release in its entirety, and that I fully understand the terms and 
legal effect of this General Release. I am entering into this General 
Release voluntarily and of my own free will. If I executed this General 
Release before the end of the twenty-one (21) day period, such early 
execution was completely voluntary, and I had reasonable and ample time in 
which to review this General Release.

(b) Revocability. I agree that, for a period of seven days after I sign 
this General Release (the Revocation Period), I have the right to revoke 
it by providing notice, in writing (delivered by hand or by overnight 
mail), to Castle Brands Inc., Attention: Chief Executive Officer. 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, this General 
Release will not become effective and enforceable until after the 
expiration of the Revocation Period.

Date signed:
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
5
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------