 EX-10.2 4 d47996a3exv10w2.htm FORM OF EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT


 

Exhibit 10.2


FORM OF
EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT

by and among

TEMPLE-INLAND INC.,

GUARANTY FINANCIAL GROUP INC.

and

FORESTAR REAL ESTATE GROUP INC.

Dated as of [DATE], 2007

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
  	  	 
TERM 	  	SECTION IN WHICH DEFINED
  Agreement
  	Preamble
  Forestar
  	Preamble
  Forestar 401(k) Plan
  	4.1(a)
  Forestar Option Conversion Value
  	7.1(b)(ii)
  Forestar Ratio
  	7.1(b)(ii)
  Forestar Stock Plan
  	2.4
  Forestar Welfare Plans
  	5.1(a)
  Guaranty
  	Preamble
  Guaranty Option Conversion Value
  	7.1(a)(ii)
  Guaranty Ratio
  	7.1(a)(ii)
  Guaranty Savings Plan
  	4.1(b)
  Guaranty Stock Plan
  	2.4
  Guaranty Welfare Plans
  	5.1(a)
  Parties
  	Preamble
  Post-Forestar Temple-Inland Option
  	7.1(b)(i)
  Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland Option
  	7.1(a)(i)
  Pre-Forestar Temple-Inland Option Price
  	7.1(b)(ii)
  Pre-Guaranty Temple-Inland Option Price
  	7.1(a)(ii)
  Separation Agreement
  	Recitals
  Service Crediting Date
  	2.3(b)(i)
  Temple-Inland
  	Preamble
  Temple-Inland Welfare Plans
  	5.1(a)
  Texas Courts
  	11.11

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT

     EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of [DATE], 
2007, by and among Temple-Inland Inc., a Delaware corporation (
Temple-Inland), Forestar Real Estate Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (
Forestar), and Guaranty Financial Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (
Guaranty). Each of Temple-Inland, Forestar and Guaranty is herein referred 
to as a Party and collectively, as the Parties.

R E C I T A L S:

     WHEREAS, Temple-Inland, acting through its direct and indirect 
Subsidiaries, currently conducts a number of businesses, including (i) the 
Real Estate Business, (ii) the Financial Services Business and (iii) the 
Retained Business;

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Temple-Inland has determined that 
it is appropriate, desirable and in the best interests of Temple-Inland and 
its stockholders to separate Temple-Inland into three independent companies 
(the Separation), one for each of: (i) the Real Estate Business, which 
shall be owned and conducted, directly or indirectly, by Forestar, (ii) the 
Financial Services Business, which shall be owned and conducted, directly 
or indirectly, by Guaranty, and (iii) the Retained Business which shall 
continue to be owned and conducted, directly or indirectly, by 
Temple-Inland;

     WHEREAS, to effect this Separation the Parties entered into that 
certain Separation and Distribution Agreement dated as of even date hereof 
(as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the Separation 
Agreement); and

     WHEREAS, pursuant to the Separation Agreement, Temple-Inland, Forestar 
and Guaranty have agreed to enter into this Agreement for the purpose of 
allocating Assets, Liabilities and responsibilities with respect to certain 
employee compensation and benefit plans and programs between and among 
them.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, the mutual 
promises and covenants hereinafter set forth, and other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

     Section 1.1 Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein 
shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Separation Agreement 
and the following terms shall have the following meanings:

     Benefit Plan shall mean, with respect to an entity, each plan, 
program, arrangement, agreement or commitment that is an employment, change 
in control/severance, consulting,

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

non-competition or deferred compensation agreement, or an executive 
compensation, incentive bonus or other bonus, employee pension, 
profit-sharing, savings, retirement, supplemental retirement, stock option, 
stock purchase, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, other 
equity-based compensation, severance pay, salary continuation, life, 
health, hospitalization, sick leave, vacation pay, disability or accident 
insurance plan, corporate-owned or key-man life insurance or other employee 
benefit plan, program, arrangement, agreement or commitment, including any 
employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), sponsored or 
maintained by such entity (or to which such entity contributes or is 
required to contribute).

     COBRA shall mean the continuation coverage requirements for group 
health plans under Title X of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget 
Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended, and as codified in Code Section 
4980B and Sections 601 through 608 of ERISA, together with all regulations 
and proposed regulations promulgated thereunder.

     ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended.

     ERISA Affiliate shall mean with respect to any Person, each business 
or entity which is a member of a controlled group of corporations, under 
common control or a member of an affiliated service group with such 
Person within the meaning of Sections 414(b), (c) or (m) of the Code, or 
required to be aggregated with such Person under Section 414(o) of the 
Code, or under common control with such Person within the meaning of 
Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA.

     Forestar Benefit Plan shall mean any Benefit Plan sponsored, 
maintained or contributed to by any member of the Forestar Group or any 
ERISA Affiliate thereof immediately following the Forestar Distribution 
Date, including the Forestar 401(k) Plan and the Forestar Welfare Plans.

     Forestar Employee shall mean an active employee or an employee on 
vacation or on approved leave of absence (including maternity, paternity, 
family, sick leave, salary continuation, qualified military service under 
the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, and 
leave under the Family Medical Leave Act and other approved leaves) who, on 
the Forestar Distribution Date, is employed by or will be employed by 
Forestar or any member of the Forestar Group.

     Forestar Option shall mean an option to purchase shares of Forestar 
Common Stock as of the Forestar Distribution Date, which shall be issued 
pursuant to the Forestar Stock Plan as part of the adjustment to 
Temple-Inland Options in connection with the Forestar Distribution.

     Forestar Participant shall mean any individual who, immediately 
following the Forestar Distribution Date, is a Forestar Employee, a Former 
Forestar Employee, or a beneficiary, dependent or alternate payee of any of 
the foregoing.

     Forestar Performance Share shall mean a unit representing a general 
unsecured promise to deliver the cash equivalent of a share of Forestar 
Common Stock and dividend equivalents, if applicable, upon the satisfaction 
of a performance or service based vesting requirement, which unit is issued 
pursuant to a Temple-Inland Stock Plan as part of the adjustment to 
Temple-Inland Performance Shares in connection with the Forestar 
Distribution.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Forestar Restricted Share shall mean a share of Forestar Common 
Stock that is subject to forfeiture based on the extent of attainment of a 
vesting requirement, which share is issued as part of the adjustment to 
Temple-Inland Restricted Shares in connection with the Forestar 
Distribution.

     Forestar Restricted Stock Unit shall mean a unit issued by Forestar 
or one of its Affiliates representing a general unsecured promise by 
Forestar or one of its Affiliates to deliver a share of Forestar Common 
Stock or dividend equivalents, if applicable (or the cash equivalent of 
either), upon the satisfaction of a service based vesting requirement, 
which unit is issued pursuant to the Forestar Stock Plan as part of the 
adjustment to Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Units in connection with the 
Forestar Distribution.

     Forestar Service Plans shall mean, collectively, the Forestar 401(k) 
Plan and the severance and health and welfare plans maintained by a member 
of the Forestar Group to the extent eligibility for or level of benefits 
thereunder is dependent upon length of service, including the Forestar 
vacation, health and welfare, sick leave, salary continuation and retiree 
medical, dental and life programs, if any.

     Former Forestar Employee shall mean, as of the Distribution Date, 
any individual who, before the Forestar Distribution Date, terminated 
employment with Forestar or its predecessors or any member of the Forestar 
Group and did not commence employment with a member of the Guaranty Group 
or the Temple-Inland Group.

     Former Guaranty Employee shall mean, as of the Distribution Date, 
any individual who, before the Guaranty Distribution Date, terminated 
employment with Guaranty or its predecessors or any member of the Guaranty 
Group and did not commence employment with a member of the Forestar Group 
or the Temple-Inland Group.

     Former Temple-Inland Employee shall mean, as of the Final 
Distribution Date, any individual who, before the Final Distribution Date, 
terminated employment with Temple-Inland or its predecessors or any member 
of the Temple-Inland Group and did not commence employment with a member of 
the Forestar Group or the Guaranty Group; provided, that, in the event that 
Temple-Inland makes a public announcement that its Board of Directors has 
determined that the shares of Guaranty or Forestar shall not be distributed 
by Temple-Inland to its stockholders, Former Temple-Inland Employee shall 
also include each individual who would have been a Former Guaranty Employee 
or Former Forestar Employee, respectively, had such distribution occurred.

     Guaranty Benefit Plan shall mean any Benefit Plan sponsored, 
maintained or contributed to by any member of the Guaranty Group or any 
ERISA Affiliate thereof immediately following the Guaranty Distribution 
Date, including the Guaranty Savings Plan and the Guaranty Welfare Plans.

     Guaranty Employee shall mean an active employee or an employee on 
vacation or on approved leave of absence (including maternity, paternity, 
family, sick leave, salary continuation, qualified military service under 
the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Act of 1994, and leave under the Family Medical Leave Act and other 
approved leaves) who, on the Guaranty Distribution Date, is employed by or 
will be employed by Guaranty or any member of the Guaranty Group.

     Guaranty Option shall mean an option to purchase shares of Guaranty 
Common Stock as of the Guaranty Distribution Date, which shall be issued 
pursuant to the Guaranty Stock Plan as part of the adjustment to 
Temple-Inland Options in connection with the Guaranty Distribution.

     Guaranty Participant shall mean any individual who, immediately 
following the Guaranty Distribution Date, is a Guaranty Employee, a Former 
Guaranty Employee, or a beneficiary, dependent or alternate payee of any of 
the foregoing.

     Guaranty Performance Share shall mean a unit representing a general 
unsecured promise to deliver the cash equivalent of a share of Guaranty 
Common Stock and dividend equivalents, if applicable, upon the satisfaction 
of a performance or service based vesting requirement, which unit is issued 
pursuant to a Temple-Inland Stock Plan as part of the adjustment to 
Temple-Inland Performance Shares in connection with the Guaranty 
Distribution.

     Guaranty Restricted Share shall mean a share of Guaranty Common 
Stock that is subject to forfeiture based on the extent of attainment of a 
vesting requirement, which share is issued as part of the adjustment to 
Temple-Inland Restricted Shares in connection with the Guaranty 
Distribution.

     Guaranty Restricted Stock Unit shall mean a unit issued by Guaranty 
or one of its Affiliates representing a general unsecured promise by 
Guaranty or one of its Affiliates to deliver a share of Guaranty Common 
Stock or dividend equivalents, if applicable (or the cash equivalent of 
either), upon the satisfaction of a service based vesting requirement, 
which unit is issued pursuant to the Guaranty Stock Plan as part of the 
adjustment to Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Units in connection with the 
Guaranty Distribution.

     Guaranty Service Plans shall mean, collectively, the Guaranty 
Savings Plan and the severance and health and welfare plans maintained by a 
member of the Guaranty Group to the extent eligibility for or level of 
benefits thereunder is dependent upon length of service, including the 
Guaranty vacation, health and welfare, sick leave, salary continuation and 
retiree medical, dental and life programs, if any.

     HIPAA shall mean the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability 
Act of 1996, as amended.

     Initial Forestar Stock Price shall mean, unless otherwise determined 
by the Management Development and Executive Compensation Committee of the 
Temple-Inland Board of Directors in its sole discretion in order to effect 
an equitable adjustment of a Temple-Inland Option in connection with the 
Forestar Distribution, the closing per share trading price of Forestar 
Common Stock on a when issued basis on the Forestar Distribution Date or, 
if none, the opening per share trading price of Forestar Common Stock on 
the first date following the Forestar Distribution Date on which there is 
trading.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Initial Guaranty Stock Price shall mean, unless otherwise determined 
by the Management Development and Executive Compensation Committee of the 
Temple-Inland Board of Directors in its sole discretion in order to effect 
an equitable adjustment of a Temple-Inland Option in connection with the 
Guaranty Distribution, the closing per share trading price of Guaranty 
Common Stock on a when issued basis on the Guaranty Distribution Date or, 
if none, the opening per share trading price of Guaranty Common Stock on 
the first date following the Guaranty Distribution Date on which there is 
trading.

     Participating Company shall mean Temple-Inland or any Person (other 
than an individual) participating in a Temple-Inland Benefit Plan.

     Post-Forestar Temple-Inland Stock Price shall mean, unless otherwise 
determined by the Management Development and Executive Compensation 
Committee of the Temple-Inland Board of Directors in its sole discretion in 
order to effect an equitable adjustment of a Temple-Inland Option in 
connection with the Forestar Distribution, the closing per share trading 
price of Temple-Inland Common Stock on an ex-distribution basis on the 
Forestar Distribution Date or, if none, the regular way closing per share 
trading price of Temple-Inland Common Stock on the Forestar Distribution 
Date (or, if there is no trading on the Forestar Distribution Date, on the 
first following date on which there is trading) less the Initial Forestar 
Stock Price and, if the Guaranty Distribution and Forestar Distribution 
occur on the same date, also less the Initial Guaranty Stock Price.

     Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland Stock Price shall mean, unless otherwise 
determined by the Management Development and Executive Compensation 
Committee of the Temple-Inland Board of Directors in its sole discretion in 
order to effect an equitable adjustment of a Temple-Inland Option in 
connection with the Guaranty Distribution, the closing per share trading 
price of Temple-Inland Common Stock on an ex-distribution basis on the 
Guaranty Distribution Date or, if none, the regular way closing per share 
trading price of Temple-Inland Common Stock on the Guaranty Distribution 
Date (or, if there is no trading on the Guaranty Distribution Date, on the 
first following date on which there is trading) less the Initial Guaranty 
Stock Price and, if the Guaranty Distribution and Forestar Distribution 
occur on the same date, also less the Initial Forestar Stock Price.

     Temple-Inland Benefit Plan shall mean any Benefit Plan sponsored, 
maintained or contributed to by any member of the Temple-Inland Group or 
any ERISA Affiliate thereof immediately following the Final Distribution 
Date (and, notwithstanding any contribution requirements imposed on 
Temple-Inland pursuant to Section 4.2, exclusive of the Guaranty Savings 
Plan).

     Temple-Inland Employee shall mean an active employee or an employee 
on vacation or on approved leave of absence (including maternity, 
paternity, family, sick leave, salary continuation, qualified military 
service under the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act 
of 1994, and leave under the Family Medical Leave Act and other approved 
leaves) who, on the Final Distribution Date, is employed by or will be 
employed by Temple-Inland or any member of the Temple-Inland Group; 
provided, that, in the event that

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Temple-Inland makes a public announcement that its Board of Directors has 
determined that the shares of Guaranty or Forestar shall not be distributed 
by Temple-Inland to its stockholders, Temple-Inland Employee shall also 
include each individual who would have been a Guaranty Employee or Forestar 
Employee, respectively, had such distribution occurred.

     Temple-Inland Option shall mean an option to purchase shares of 
Temple-Inland Common Stock granted pursuant to one of the Temple-Inland 
Stock Plans.

     Temple-Inland Participant shall mean any individual who, immediately 
following the Final Distribution Date, is a Temple-Inland Employee, a 
Former Temple-Inland Employee or a beneficiary, dependent or alternate 
payee of any of the foregoing.

     Temple-Inland Performance Share shall mean a share of phantom stock 
granted by Temple-Inland or one of its Affiliates pursuant to one of the 
Temple-Inland Stock Plans representing a general unsecured promise by 
Temple-Inland or one of its Affiliates to deliver a share of Temple-Inland 
Common Stock or dividend equivalents, if applicable (or the cash equivalent 
of either), upon the satisfaction of a performance based vesting 
requirement and including phantom stock units and bonus phantom shares 
granted by Temple-Inland effective August 9, 2007, in substitution for 
phantom stock awards previously granted by Temple-Inland in 2006 or 2007.

     Temple-Inland Restricted Share shall mean a share of Temple-Inland 
Common Stock granted by Temple-Inland or one of its Affiliates pursuant to 
one of the Temple-Inland Stock Plans that is subject to forfeiture based on 
the extent of attainment of a vesting requirement.

     Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Unit shall mean a unit granted by 
Temple-Inland or one of its Affiliates pursuant to one of the Temple-Inland 
Stock Plans representing a general unsecured promise by Temple-Inland or 
one of its Affiliates to deliver a share of Temple-Inland Common Stock or 
dividend equivalents, if applicable (or the cash equivalent of either), 
upon the satisfaction of a vesting requirement (other than performance 
based vesting requirements) and exclusive of restricted stock units granted 
by Temple-Inland effective August 9, 2007, in substitution for equity 
incentive awards previously granted by Temple-Inland in 2006 or 2007.

     Temple-Inland Retirement Plan shall mean the Temple-Inland 
Retirement Plan.

     Temple-Inland Savings Plan shall mean the Temple-Inland Savings Plan 
(formerly known as the Temple-Inland Salaried Savings Plan and/or the 
Temple-Inland Non-Salaried Savings Plan).

     Temple-Inland Service Plans shall mean, collectively, the 
Temple-Inland Retirement Plan, the Temple-Inland Savings Plan, and the 
severance and health and welfare benefit plans maintained by a member of 
the Temple-Inland Group to the extent eligibility for or level of benefits 
thereunder is dependent upon length of service, including the Temple-Inland 
vacation, health and welfare, sick leave, salary continuation and retiree 
medical, dental and life programs, if any.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Temple-Inland Stock Plans shall mean, collectively, the 
Temple-Inland Inc. 1993 Stock Option Plan, Temple-Inland Inc. 1997 Stock 
Option Plan, Temple-Inland Inc. 2001 Stock Incentive Plan, Temple-Inland 
Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, Temple-Inland Inc. Stock Deferral and 
Payment Plan and Temple-Inland Inc. Directors Fee Deferral Plan.

     1.2 References; Interpretation. References in this Agreement to any 
gender include references to all genders, and references to the singular 
include references to the plural and vice versa. Unless the context 
otherwise requires, the words include, includes and including when 
used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase 
without limitation. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in 
this Agreement to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be 
deemed references to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules 
to, this Agreement. Unless the context otherwise requires, the words 
hereof, hereby and herein and words of similar meaning when used in 
this Agreement refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any 
particular Article, Section or provision of this Agreement.

ARTICLE II

GENERAL PRINCIPLES

     Section 2.1 Assumption and Retention of Liabilities; Related Assets.

          (a) As of the Final Distribution Date, except as otherwise 
expressly provided for in this Agreement, Temple-Inland shall, or shall 
cause one or more members of the Temple-Inland Group to, assume or retain, 
as applicable, and pay, perform, fulfill and discharge, in due course in 
full (i) all Liabilities under all Temple-Inland Benefit Plans, (ii) all 
Liabilities (excluding Liabilities incurred under a Benefit Plan except as 
otherwise provided in this Agreement) with respect to the employment, 
service, termination of employment or termination of service of all 
Temple-Inland Employees, Former Temple-Inland Employees, Guaranty 
Employees, Former Guaranty Employees, Forestar Employees and Former 
Forestar Employees and their dependents and beneficiaries (and any 
alternate payees in respect thereof) and other service providers (including 
any individual who is, or was, an independent contractor, temporary 
employee, temporary service worker, consultant, freelancer, agency 
employee, leased employee, on-call worker, incidental worker, or 
non-payroll worker or in any other employment, non-employment, or retainer 
arrangement, or relationship with any member of the Temple-Inland Group, 
Guaranty Group or Forestar Group), in each case to the extent arising in 
connection with or as a result of employment with or the performance of 
services for any member of the Temple-Inland Group, and (iii) any other 
Liabilities or obligations expressly assigned to Temple-Inland or any of 
its Affiliates under this Agreement. For purposes of clarification, the 
Liabilities assumed or retained by the Temple-Inland Group as provided for 
in this Section 2.1(a) are intended to be Retained Business Liabilities as 
such term is defined in the Separation Agreement.

          (b) As of the Relevant Time, except as otherwise expressly 
provided for in this Agreement, Guaranty shall, or shall cause one or more 
members of the Guaranty Group to, assume or retain, as applicable, and pay, 
perform, fulfill and discharge, in due course in full (i) all Liabilities 
under all Guaranty Benefit Plans, (ii) all Liabilities (excluding 
Liabilities incurred

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

under a Benefit Plan except as otherwise provided in this Agreement) with 
respect to the employment, service, termination of employment or 
termination of service of all Temple-Inland Employees, Former Temple-Inland 
Employees, Guaranty Employees, Former Guaranty Employees, Forestar 
Employees and Former Forestar Employees and their dependents and 
beneficiaries (and any alternate payees in respect thereof) and other 
service providers (including any individual who is, or was, an independent 
contractor, temporary employee, temporary service worker, consultant, 
freelancer, agency employee, leased employee, on-call worker, incidental 
worker, or non-payroll worker or in any other employment, non-employment, 
or retainer arrangement, or relationship with any member of the 
Temple-Inland Group, Guaranty Group or Forestar Group), in each case to the 
extent arising in connection with or as a result of employment with or the 
performance of services for any member of the Guaranty Group, and (iii) any 
other Liabilities or obligations expressly assigned to Guaranty or any of 
its Affiliates under this Agreement. For purposes of clarification, the 
Liabilities assumed or retained by the Guaranty Group as provided for in 
this Section 2.1(b) are intended to be Financial Services Liabilities as 
such term is defined in the Separation Agreement.

          (c) As of the Relevant Time, except as otherwise expressly 
provided for in this Agreement, Forestar shall, or shall cause one or more 
members of the Forestar Group to, assume or retain, as applicable, and pay, 
perform, fulfill and discharge, in due course in full (i) all Liabilities 
under all Forestar Benefit Plans, (ii) all Liabilities (excluding 
Liabilities incurred under a Benefit Plan except as otherwise provided in 
this Agreement) with respect to the employment, service, termination of 
employment or termination of service of all Temple-Inland Employees, Former 
Temple-Inland Employees, Guaranty Employees, Former Guaranty Employees, 
Forestar Employees and Former Forestar Employees and their dependents and 
beneficiaries (and any alternate payees in respect thereof) and other 
service providers (including any individual who is, or was, an independent 
contractor, temporary employee, temporary service worker, consultant, 
freelancer, agency employee, leased employee, on-call worker, incidental 
worker, or non-payroll worker or in any other employment, non-employment, 
or retainer arrangement, or relationship with any member of the 
Temple-Inland Group, Guaranty Group or Forestar Group), in each case to the 
extent arising in connection with or as a result of employment with or the 
performance of services for any member of the Forestar Group, and (iii) any 
other Liabilities or obligations expressly assigned to Forestar or any of 
its Affiliates under this Agreement. For purposes of clarification, the 
Liabilities assumed or retained by the Forestar Group as provided for in 
this Section 2.1(c) are intended to be Real Estate Liabilities as such term 
is defined in the Separation Agreement.

          (d) From time to time after the Relevant Time, the Parties shall 
promptly reimburse one another, upon reasonable request of the Party 
requesting reimbursement and the presentation by such Party of such 
substantiating documentation as the other Party shall reasonably request, 
for the cost of any obligations or Liabilities satisfied or assumed by the 
Party requesting reimbursement or its Affiliates that are, or that have 
been made pursuant to this Agreement, the responsibility of the other Party 
or any of its Affiliates. Any such request for reimbursement must be made 
not later than the first anniversary of the Relevant Time.

          (e) Temple-Inland shall retain responsibility for all 
employee-related regulatory filings for reporting periods ending at or 
prior to the Relevant Time except for Equal

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Employment Opportunity Commission EEO-1 reports and affirmative action 
program (AAP) reports and responses to Office of Federal Contract 
Compliance Programs (OFCCP) submissions, for which Temple-Inland will 
provide data and information (to the extent permitted by applicable Laws 
and consistent with Section 10.1) to Guaranty or Forestar, as the case may 
be, who will be responsible for making such filings in respect of Guaranty 
Employees and Former Guaranty Employees, on the one hand, and Forestar 
Employees and Former Forestar Employees on the other hand, respectively.

     Section 2.2 Participation in Temple-Inland Benefit Plans. Except as 
otherwise expressly provided for in this Agreement or as otherwise 
expressly agreed to in writing between or among the affected Parties, (i) 
effective as of the Relevant Time, Guaranty, Forestar and each member of 
the Guaranty Group and Forestar Group shall cease to be a Participating 
Company in any Temple-Inland Benefit Plan, and (ii) each Guaranty 
Participant, Forestar Participant and any other service providers 
(including any individual who is, or was, an independent contractor, 
temporary employee, temporary service worker, consultant, freelancer, 
agency employee, leased employee, on-call worker, incidental worker, or 
nonpayroll worker of any member of the Guaranty Group or Forestar Group or 
in any other employment, non-employment, or retainer arrangement, or 
relationship with any member of the Guaranty Group or Forestar Group), 
effective as of the Relevant Time, shall cease to participate in, be 
covered by, accrue benefits under, be eligible to contribute to or have any 
rights under any Temple-Inland Benefit Plan (except to the extent of 
obligations that accrued before the Relevant Time, including benefits 
accrued as of the Relevant Time under the Temple-Inland Retirement Plan, 
and that are not otherwise addressed herein), and Temple-Inland, Guaranty 
and Forestar shall take all necessary action to effectuate each such 
cessation.

     Section 2.3 Service Recognition.

          (a) Pre-Distribution Service Credit. Guaranty shall give each 
Guaranty Participant, and Forestar shall give each Forestar Participant, 
full credit for purposes of eligibility, vesting, determination of level of 
benefits, and, to the extent applicable, benefit accruals under any 
Guaranty Benefit Plan or Forestar Benefit Plan, respectively, for such 
Guaranty Participants or Forestar Participants service, respectively, 
with any member of the Temple-Inland Group prior to the Guaranty 
Distribution Date or Forestar Distribution Date, respectively, to the same 
extent such service was recognized by the applicable Temple-Inland Benefit 
Plans immediately prior to the Guaranty Distribution Date or Forestar 
Distribution Date; provided, that, such service shall not be recognized to 
the extent that such recognition would result in the duplication of 
benefits.

          (b) Post-Distribution Reciprocal Service Crediting. Each of 
Temple-Inland, Guaranty and Forestar (acting directly or through their 
respective Affiliates) shall cause each of the Temple-Inland Service Plans, 
Guaranty Service Plans and Forestar Service Plans, respectively, to provide 
the following service crediting rules effective as of the Relevant Time:

     (i) If a Temple-Inland Employee, Guaranty Employee or Forestar 
Employee, respectively, who participates in any of the Temple-Inland 
Service Plans, Guaranty Service Plans or Forestar Service Plans, 
respectively, directly transfers employment among any of the Temple-Inland 
Group, Guaranty Group or Forestar Group prior to the first anniversary

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

of the Distribution Date (the Service Crediting Date), then such 
employees service with the group employing the employee immediately before 
the transfer shall be recognized for purposes of eligibility, vesting and 
level of benefits under the appropriate Temple-Inland Service Plans, 
Guaranty Service Plans and Forestar Service Plans, in each case to the same 
extent as such employees service was recognized under the corresponding 
service plans immediately before the transfer; provided, that, such service 
shall not be recognized to the extent that such recognition would result in 
the duplication of benefits.

     (ii) If a Temple-Inland Employee, Guaranty Employee or Forestar 
Employee, respectively, who participates in any of the Temple-Inland 
Service Plans, Guaranty Service Plans or Forestar Service Plans, 
respectively, either transfers employment among any of the Temple-Inland 
Group, Guaranty Group or Forestar Group on or after the Service Crediting 
Date or does not directly transfer employment among such group members, 
then, except to the extent required by applicable Law, such employees 
service with the group employing the employee immediately before the 
transfer shall not be recognized for any purpose under the service plans of 
the post-transfer employer.

     Section 2.4 Approval by Temple-Inland As Sole Stockholder. Effective 
as of the Relevant Time, Guaranty shall have adopted the Guaranty Financial 
Group Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the Guaranty Stock Plan) and 
Forestar shall have adopted the Forestar Real Estate Group Inc. 2007 Stock 
Incentive Plan (the Forestar Stock Plan), each of which shall permit the 
issuance of long-term incentive awards that have material terms and 
conditions substantially similar to those long-term incentive awards issued 
under the relevant Temple-Inland Stock Plans in respect of which Guaranty 
long-term incentive awards and Forestar long-term incentive awards, 
respectively, will be issued in connection with the Guaranty Distribution 
and Forestar Distribution. The Guaranty Stock Plan and Forestar Stock Plan 
shall be approved prior to the Relevant Time by Temple-Inland as the sole 
stockholder of Guaranty and Forestar, respectively.

ARTICLE III

QUALIFIED DEFINED BENEFIT PLAN

     Section 3.1 Retention of Liabilities. Following the Relevant Time, 
Temple-Inland (acting directly or through its Affiliates) shall retain, and 
neither Guaranty nor Forestar (nor any of their respective Affiliates) 
shall have any obligation whatsoever with regard to, all obligations and 
Liabilities under, or with respect to, the Temple-Inland Retirement Plan. 
No assets shall be transferred from the Temple-Inland Retirement Plan to 
either Forestar or Guaranty or any benefit plan maintained by either of 
them. For purposes of clarification, the Liabilities retained by 
Temple-Inland as provided for in this Section 3.1 are intended to be 
Retained Business Liabilities as such term is defined in the Separation 
Agreement.

ARTICLE IV

QUALIFIED DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLAN

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Section 4.1 Forestar 401(k) Plan.

          (a) Establishment of the Forestar 401(k) Plan. Effective as of 
the Forestar Distribution Date, Forestar shall, or shall have caused one of 
its Affiliates to, establish a defined contribution plan and trust for the 
benefit of Forestar Participants (the Forestar 401(k) Plan). Forestar 
shall be responsible for taking all necessary, reasonable and appropriate 
action to establish, maintain and administer the Forestar 401(k) Plan so 
that it is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and that the related 
trust thereunder is exempt from Federal income tax under Section 501(a) of 
the Code. Forestar (acting directly or through its Affiliates) shall be 
responsible for any and all Liabilities and other obligations with respect 
to the Forestar 401(k) Plan.

          (b) Transfer of Savings Plan Assets. Not later than ninety (90) 
days following the Forestar Distribution Date (or such later time as 
mutually agreed by Temple-Inland and Forestar), Temple-Inland shall cause 
the accounts (including any outstanding loan balances) in the Temple-Inland 
Savings Plan attributable to Forestar Participants and all of the Assets in 
the Temple-Inland Savings Plan related thereto, in each case exclusive of 
accounts and Assets attributable to Temple-Inland Common Stock, Forestar 
Common Stock, and Guaranty Common Stock, to be transferred in-kind to the 
Forestar 401(k) Plan, and Forestar shall cause the Forestar 401(k) Plan to 
accept such transfer of accounts and underlying Assets and, effective as of 
the date of such transfer, to assume and to fully perform, pay and 
discharge, all obligations of the Temple-Inland Savings Plan relating to 
the accounts of Forestar Participants (to the extent the Assets related to 
those accounts are actually transferred from the Temple-Inland Savings Plan 
to the Forestar 401(k) Plan). Not later than ninety (90) days following the 
Forestar Distribution Date (or such later time as mutually agreed by 
Forestar and Guaranty), Guaranty shall cause the accounts (including any 
outstanding loan balances) in the Temple-Inland Savings and Retirement Plan 
(to be renamed the Guaranty Financial Group Inc. Savings and Retirement 
Plan (the Guaranty Savings Plan)) attributable to Forestar Participants 
and all of the Assets in the Guaranty Savings Plan related thereto, in each 
case exclusive of accounts and Assets attributable to Temple-Inland Common 
Stock, Forestar Common Stock, and Guaranty Common Stock, to be transferred 
in-kind to the Forestar 401(k) Plan, and Forestar shall cause the Forestar 
401(k) Plan to accept such transfer of accounts and underlying Assets and, 
effective as of the date of such transfer, to assume and to fully perform, 
pay and discharge, all obligations of the Guaranty Savings Plan relating to 
the accounts of Forestar Participants (to the extent the Assets related to 
those accounts are actually transferred from the Guaranty Savings Plan to 
the Forestar 401(k) Plan). Temple-Inland and Guaranty shall cause the 
Temple-Inland Savings Plan and Guaranty Savings Plan, respectively, to 
provide that Forestar Participants shall continue to participate in the 
Temple-Inland Savings Plan and Guaranty Savings Plan, as the case may be, 
in respect of their accounts thereunder attributable to investments in 
Temple-Inland Common Stock, Forestar Common Stock, and Guaranty Common 
Stock under such plans and that they may divest any holdings of 
Temple-Inland Common Stock, Forestar Common Stock, and Guaranty Common 
Stock in their respective accounts under such plans into any of the other 
investment alternatives made available under such plans from time to time; 
provided, that, Temple-Inland and Guaranty may in their discretion provide 
that Forestar Participants shall not be permitted to reinvest any such 
divested amounts in Temple-Inland Common Stock, Forestar Common Stock, or 
Guaranty Common Stock and provide that Temple-Inland Common Stock, Forestar 
Common Stock, and Guaranty Common Stock shall no longer be offered as an 
investment alternative under such plans.

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Subsequent to the transfer of the accounts and related Assets described in 
the preceding provisions of this Section 4.1(b) and as soon as practicable 
following the time when either a Forestar Participant fully divests of his 
or her holdings of Temple-Inland Common Stock, Forestar Common Stock and 
Guaranty Common Stock under the Temple-Inland Savings Plan or Guaranty 
Savings Plan, respectively, or (in the case of the Temple-Inland Savings 
Plan) Forestar Common Stock and Guaranty Common Stock or (in the case of 
the Guaranty Savings Plan) Temple-Inland Common Stock and Forestar Common 
Stock are no longer offered as an investment alternative under the 
Temple-Inland Savings Plan or Guaranty Savings Plan, respectively, 
Temple-Inland and Guaranty, as the case may be, shall cause the accounts in 
the Temple-Inland Savings Plan or the Guaranty Savings Plan, as the case 
may be, attributable to Forestar Participants and all of the Assets in the 
Temple-Inland Savings Plan and Guaranty Savings Plan related thereto to be 
transferred to the Forestar 401(k) Plan (in-kind or in the form of liquid 
assets, as determined by Temple-Inland and Guaranty, respectively, in their 
discretion), and Forestar shall cause the Forestar 401(k) Plan to accept 
such transfer of accounts and underlying Assets and, effective as of the 
date of such transfer, to assume and to fully perform, pay and discharge, 
all obligations of the Temple-Inland Savings Plan and Guaranty Savings 
Plan, as the case may be, relating to the accounts of Forestar Participants 
(to the extent the Assets related to those accounts are actually 
transferred from the Temple-Inland Savings Plan and Guaranty Savings Plan 
to the Forestar 401(k) Plan). Any transfer of Assets pursuant to this 
Section 4.1(b) shall be conducted in accordance with Section 414(l) of the 
Code, Treasury Regulation Section 1.414(1)-1, and Section 208 of ERISA.

          (c) Continuation of Elections. As of the Forestar Distribution 
Date, Forestar (acting directly or through its Affiliates) shall cause the 
Forestar 401(k) Plan to recognize and maintain all Temple-Inland Savings 
Plan and Guaranty Savings Plan elections, including, but not limited to, 
deferral, investment, and payment form elections, dividend elections, 
beneficiary designations, and the rights of alternate payees under 
qualified domestic relations orders with respect to Forestar Participants, 
to the extent such election or designation is available under the Forestar 
401(k) Plan.

          (d) Form 5310-A. No later than thirty (30) days prior to the date 
of any transfer of Assets and Liabilities pursuant to Section 4.1(b), 
Temple-Inland, Guaranty and Forestar (each acting directly or through their 
respective Affiliates) shall, to the extent necessary, file Internal 
Revenue Service Form 5310-A regarding the transfer of Assets and 
Liabilities from the Temple-Inland Savings Plan and Guaranty Savings Plan, 
respectively, to the Forestar 401(k) Plan as described in this Section 4.1.

          (e) Contributions as of the Distribution Date. All contributions 
payable to the Temple-Inland Savings Plan with respect to employee 
deferrals and contributions, matching contributions and other contributions 
for Forestar Participants through the Forestar Distribution Date, 
determined in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Temple-Inland 
Savings Plan, ERISA and the Code, shall be paid by Temple-Inland to the 
Temple-Inland Savings Plan prior to the date of the Asset transfer 
described in subsection (b), above.

     Section 4.2 Guaranty Savings Plan. Effective as of the Relevant Time, 
Guaranty shall assume sponsorship of the Guaranty Savings Plan, adopt a 
trust for such plan, and retain any and all Liabilities and other 
obligations with respect to the Guaranty Savings Plan in accordance with

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

its terms at the Guaranty Distribution Date as they may be amended from 
time to time. All contributions payable to the Temple-Inland Savings and 
Retirement Plan with respect to employee deferrals and contributions, 
matching contributions and other contributions for Guaranty Participants 
through the Guaranty Distribution Date, determined in accordance with the 
terms and provisions of the Temple-Inland Savings and Retirement Plan, 
ERISA and the Code, shall be paid by Temple-Inland to the Guaranty Savings 
Plan within two weeks or as soon as administratively practicable following 
the Guaranty Distribution Date. Temple-Inland shall retain responsibility 
for the preparation of all regulatory filings in respect of the Guaranty 
Savings Plan for plan years ending prior to January 1, 2008, including 
preparing the Form 5500 for the Temple-Inland Savings and Retirement Plan 
for the 2007 plan year (including responsibility for causing the completion 
of any required discrimination testing and plan audits), and Temple-Inland 
shall cause the timely filing of an extension for filing such Form 5500 
until October 15, 2008.

     Section 4.3 Temple-Inland/Guaranty Savings Plan Transfers. 
Temple-Inland and Guaranty will cooperate and use commercially reasonable 
efforts to provide for transfers of accounts (and related Assets and 
Liabilities) between the Temple-Inland Savings Plan and Guaranty Savings 
Plan in respect of Temple-Inland Employees who transfer employment to 
Guaranty and Guaranty Employees who transfer employment to Temple-Inland in 
connection with the Guaranty Distribution.

ARTICLE V

HEALTH AND WELFARE PLANS

     Section 5.1 Health And Welfare Plans Maintained By Temple-Inland Prior 
To The Distribution Date.

          (a) Establishment of Welfare Plans. Temple-Inland or one or more 
of its Affiliates maintain health and welfare plans (the Temple-Inland 
Welfare Plans) for the benefit of eligible Temple-Inland Participants, 
Guaranty Participants and Forestar Participants. Effective as of the 
Guaranty Distribution Date, Guaranty shall, or shall cause a Guaranty 
Affiliate to, adopt, for the benefit of eligible Guaranty Participants, 
health and welfare plans (collectively, the Guaranty Welfare Plans). 
Effective as of the Forestar Distribution Date, Forestar shall, or shall 
cause a Forestar Affiliate to, adopt, for the benefit of eligible Forestar 
Participants, health and welfare plans (collectively, the Forestar Welfare 
Plans).

          (b) Terms of Participation in Guaranty/Forestar Welfare Plans. 
Guaranty and Forestar (acting directly or through their respective 
Affiliates) shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause all Guaranty 
Welfare Plans and Forestar Welfare Plans, respectively, to (i) waive all 
limitations as to preexisting conditions, exclusions, and service 
conditions with respect to participation and coverage requirements 
applicable to Guaranty Participants and Forestar Participants, 
respectively, other than limitations that were in effect with respect to 
Guaranty Participants and Forestar Participants as of the Relevant Time 
under the Temple-Inland Welfare Plans, and (ii) waive any waiting period 
limitation or evidence of insurability requirement that would otherwise be 
applicable to a Guaranty Participant or Forestar Participant, respectively, 
following the Relevant Time to the extent such Guaranty Participant or 
Forestar Participant had

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

satisfied any similar limitation under the analogous Temple-Inland Welfare 
Plan.

          (c) Reimbursement Account Plan. Temple-Inland shall retain the 
Liability for administering and paying, under the Temple-Inland Dependent 
Care Spending Account Plan and the Temple-Inland Health Care Spending 
Account Plan, all reimbursement claims of Temple-Inland Participants, 
Guaranty Participants and Forestar Participants with respect to calendar 
year 2007, whether arising at, before or after the Relevant Time.

          (d) Employees on Leave. Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Agreement to the contrary, Guaranty and Forestar shall assume 
Liability for payment of any salary continuation, short term disability or 
health and welfare coverage with respect to Guaranty Employees and Former 
Guaranty Employees and Forestar Employees and Former Forestar Employees, 
respectively, and Temple-Inland shall have no further responsibility for 
such disabled employees or employees on approved leave after the Relevant 
Time.

          (e) COBRA and HIPAA. Effective as of the Guaranty Distribution 
Date, Temple-Inland shall retain responsibility for compliance with the 
health care continuation coverage requirements of COBRA with respect to 
Guaranty Participants who, as of the day prior to the Guaranty Distribution 
Date, were covered under a Temple-Inland Welfare Plan pursuant to COBRA. 
Effective as of the Forestar Distribution Date, Temple-Inland shall retain 
responsibility for compliance with the health care continuation coverage 
requirements of COBRA with respect to Forestar Participants who, as of the 
day prior to the Forestar Distribution Date, were covered under a 
Temple-Inland Welfare Plan pursuant to COBRA. Temple-Inland (acting 
directly or through its Affiliates) shall be responsible for administering 
compliance with any certificate of creditable coverage requirements of 
HIPAA or Medicare applicable to the Temple-Inland Welfare Plans with 
respect to Guaranty Participants and Forestar Participants. The Parties 
hereto agree that neither the Guaranty Distribution nor the Forestar 
Distribution nor any transfers of employment that occur as of the Guaranty 
Distribution Date or Forestar Distribution Date, respectively, shall 
constitute a COBRA qualifying event for purposes of COBRA; provided, that, 
in all events, Guaranty or Forestar (acting directly or through their 
respective Affiliates) shall assume, or shall have caused the Guaranty 
Welfare Plans or Forestar Welfare Plans, respectively, to assume, 
responsibility for compliance with the health care continuation coverage 
requirements of COBRA with respect to those Temple-Inland Employees whose 
employment is transferred directly from the Temple-Inland Group to the 
Guaranty Group or Forestar Group, respectively, as of the Guaranty 
Distribution Date or Forestar Distribution Date, respectively, to the 
extent such individual was, as of the day prior to such transfer of 
employment, covered under a Temple-Inland Welfare Plan.

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (f) Liabilities.

               (i) Insured Benefits. With respect to employee welfare and 
fringe benefits that are provided through the purchase of insurance, 
Temple-Inland shall timely pay all premiums in respect of coverage of 
Guaranty Participants and Forestar Participants in respect of the period 
before the Guaranty Distribution Date and Forestar Distribution Date, 
respectively, and Guaranty and Forestar, respectively, shall cause 
Temple-Inland not to have any liability in respect of any and all claims of 
Guaranty Participants and Forestar Participations that are incurred under 
the Guaranty Welfare Plans and Forestar Welfare Plans on or after the 
Guaranty Distribution Date and Forestar Distribution Date, respectively.

               (ii) Self-Insured Benefits. With respect to employee welfare 
and fringe benefits that are provided on a self-insured basis, (A) 
Temple-Inland (acting directly or through its Affiliates) shall fully 
perform, pay and discharge, under the Temple-Inland Welfare Plans, all 
claims of Guaranty Participants and Forestar Participants that are incurred 
but not paid prior to the Guaranty Distribution Date and Forestar 
Distribution Date, respectively (and Temple-Inland shall retain any reserve 
in respect of such claims that may exist as of the respective Distribution 
Date), (B) Guaranty (acting directly or through its Affiliates) shall fully 
perform, pay and discharge, under the Guaranty Welfare Plans, from and 
after the Guaranty Distribution Date, all claims of Guaranty Participants 
that are incurred on or after the Guaranty Distribution Date, and (C) 
Forestar (acting directly or through its Affiliates) shall fully perform, 
pay and discharge, under the Forestar Welfare Plans, from and after the 
Forestar Distribution Date, all claims of Forestar Participants that are 
incurred on or after the Forestar Distribution Date.

               (iii) Incurred Claim Definition. For purposes of this 
Section 5.1(f), a claim or Liability is deemed to be incurred (A) with 
respect to medical, dental, vision and/or prescription drug benefits, upon 
the rendering of health services giving rise to such claim or Liability; 
(B) with respect to life insurance, accidental death and dismemberment and 
business travel accident insurance, upon the occurrence of the event giving 
rise to such claim or Liability; and (C) with respect to disability 
benefits, upon the date of an individuals disability, as determined by the 
disability benefit insurance carrier or claim administrator, giving rise to 
such claim or Liability.

               (iv) Claim Experience. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
Parties (acting directly or through their Affiliates) shall take any action 
necessary to ensure that any claims experience under the Temple-Inland 
Welfare Plans attributable to Guaranty Participants and Forestar 
Participants shall be available to the Guaranty Welfare Plans and Forestar 
Welfare Plans, respectively.

     Section 5.2 Time-Off Benefits. Guaranty and Forestar shall credit each 
Guaranty Participant and Forestar Participant, respectively, with the 
amount of accrued but unused vacation time, sick time and other time-off 
benefits as such Guaranty Participant and Forestar Participant had with the 
Temple-Inland Group as of the Relevant Time. Notwithstanding the above, 
neither Guaranty nor Forestar shall be required to credit any Guaranty 
Participant or Forestar Participant with any accrual to the extent that a 
benefit attributable to such accrual is provided by the Temple-Inland 
Group.

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ARTICLE VI

NONQUALIFIED RETIREMENT PLANS

     Section 6.1 Temple-Inland Retained Nonqualified Plans.

          (a) In General. Except as provided in subsection (b), below, 
Temple-Inland (acting directly or through its Affiliates) shall retain, and 
neither Guaranty nor Forestar shall have any obligation whatsoever with 
regard to, all obligations and Liabilities under, or with respect to, the 
Temple-Inland Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan or the Temple-Inland 
Inc. Stock Deferral and Payment Plan. Subject to any applicable employee 
consents, on or about January 2, 2008 (and in any event as soon as 
practicable following the Relevant Time but in no event before 2008), 
Temple-Inland shall pay to any Guaranty Employee or Guaranty Former 
Employee and to any Forestar Employee or Former Forestar Employee any 
amounts accrued by such employees under the foregoing plans.

          (b) Certain Stock Accounts. With respect to any amounts credited 
under the Temple-Inland Inc. Stock Deferral and Payment Plan that are 
payable in shares of Temple-Inland Common Stock, each share of 
Temple-Inland Common Stock credited under such plan immediately before the 
Relevant Time shall, at the Relevant Time, be treated in the same manner as 
described in Section 7.3 in respect of Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Units 
(such that each such credited share of Temple-Inland Common Stock shall be 
deemed to represent Guaranty Common Stock and Forestar Common Stock as 
well, as the case may be). Upon entitlement to payment under the plan, 
Temple-Inland shall be solely responsible for the settlement of all shares 
payable in the form of Temple-Inland Common Stock, Guaranty shall be solely 
responsible for the settlement of all shares payable in the form of 
Guaranty Common Stock, and Forestar shall be solely responsible for the 
settlement of all shares payable in the form of Forestar Common Stock, in 
each case regardless of the person entitled to payment.

     Section 6.2 Guaranty Retained Nonqualified Plans. Following the 
Guaranty Distribution Date, Guaranty (acting directly or through its 
Affiliates) shall retain, and Temple-Inland shall have no obligation 
whatsoever with regard to, all obligations and Liabilities under, or with 
respect to, the Supplemental Benefits Plan of Temple-Inland Financial 
Services Inc. and the Excess Benefits Plan of Temple-Inland Financial 
Services Inc. Subject to any applicable employee consents, on or before 
February 29, 2008 (and in any event as soon as practicable following the 
Relevant Time but in no event before 2008), Guaranty shall pay to any 
Temple-Inland Employee or Temple-Inland Former Employee and to any Forestar 
Employee or Former Forestar Employee any amounts accrued by such employees 
under the foregoing plans.


ARTICLE VII

LONG-TERM INCENTIVE AWARDS

     Section 7.1 Treatment of Outstanding Temple-Inland Options.

16

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (a) Guaranty Distribution.

               (i) Each Temple-Inland Option that is outstanding 
immediately prior to the Guaranty Distribution Date shall, as of the 
Guaranty Distribution Date, be converted into a Guaranty Option and an 
adjusted Temple-Inland Option (a Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland Option) in 
accordance with the succeeding paragraphs of this Section 7.1(a).

               (ii) The number of shares subject to the Guaranty Option 
shall be equal to the number of shares of Guaranty Common Stock to which 
the option holder would be entitled in the Guaranty Distribution had the 
shares subject to the Temple-Inland Option represented outstanding shares 
of Temple-Inland Common Stock as of the Guaranty Distribution Record Date, 
the resulting number of shares subject to the Guaranty Option being rounded 
down to the nearest whole share. The number of shares subject to the 
Temple-Inland Option shall not change. The per share exercise price of the 
Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland Option shall be equal to the product of (1) the 
per share exercise price of the Temple-Inland Option immediately prior to 
the Guaranty Distribution Date (the Pre-Guaranty Temple-Inland Option 
Price) multiplied by (2) a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the 
Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland Stock Price and the denominator of which shall 
be the sum of (i) the Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland Stock Price, (ii) the 
quotient determined by dividing the Initial Guaranty Stock Price by the 
Guaranty Ratio (as defined below) (such quotient, the Guaranty Option 
Conversion Value), and (iii) if the Guaranty Distribution and Forestar 
Distribution occur on the same date, the Forestar Option Conversion Value 
(as defined below), which product shall be rounded up to the nearest whole 
cent. The per share exercise price of the Guaranty Option shall be equal to 
the product of (1) the Pre-Guaranty Temple-Inland Option Price multiplied 
by (2) a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the Initial Guaranty 
Stock Price and the denominator of which shall be the sum of (i) the 
Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland Stock Price, (ii) the Guaranty Option 
Conversion Value, and (iii) if the Guaranty Distribution and Forestar 
Distribution occur on the same date, the Forestar Option Conversion Value, 
which product shall be rounded up to the nearest whole cent. For purposes 
of this paragraph (b), Guaranty Ratio shall mean the amount determined by 
dividing (x) the number one (1) by (y) the number of shares of Guaranty 
Common Stock distributed in respect of each share of Temple-Inland Common 
Stock in the Guaranty Distribution.

               (iii) Prior to the Guaranty Distribution Date, Temple-Inland 
shall take all actions necessary to provide that, effective as of the 
Guaranty Distribution Date, for purposes of the Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland 
Options (including in determining exercisability and the post-termination 
exercise period), a Guaranty Employees continuous service with the 
Guaranty Group or Forestar Group following the Guaranty Distribution Date 
shall be deemed continued service with Temple-Inland. Guaranty shall issue 
each Guaranty Option under the Guaranty Stock Plan with terms such that, 
except as otherwise provided herein, the terms and conditions applicable to 
the Guaranty Options shall be substantially similar to the terms and 
conditions applicable to the corresponding Temple-Inland Option, including 
the terms and conditions relating to vesting and the post-termination 
exercise period and including a provision to the effect that, for purposes 
of the Guaranty Options, continuous service with the Temple-Inland Group, 
Guaranty Group or Forestar Group from and after the Relevant Time shall be 
deemed to constitute service with Guaranty.

17

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (iv) Except as otherwise provided herein, the Guaranty 
Options and the Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland Options shall remain subject to 
the terms and conditions of the underlying Temple-Inland Option as in 
effect immediately prior to the Guaranty Distribution Date (taking into 
account changes in the identity of the employer, including for purposes of 
determining whether a change in control has occurred).

               (v) Upon the exercise of a Guaranty Option, regardless of 
the holder thereof, the exercise price shall be paid to (or otherwise 
satisfied to the satisfaction of) Guaranty in accordance with the terms of 
the Guaranty Option, and Guaranty shall be solely responsible for the 
issuance of Guaranty Common Stock, for ensuring the collection of the 
employee portion of all applicable withholding tax on behalf of the 
employing entity of such holder, and for ensuring the remittance of such 
withholding taxes to the employing entity of such holder. Upon the exercise 
of a Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland Option, regardless of the holder thereof, 
the exercise price shall be paid to (or otherwise satisfied to the 
satisfaction of) Temple-Inland in accordance with the terms of the 
Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland Option, and Temple-Inland shall be solely 
responsible for the issuance of Temple-Inland Common Stock, for ensuring 
the collection of the employee portion of all applicable withholding tax on 
behalf of the employing entity of such holder and for ensuring the 
remittance of such withholding taxes to the employing entity of such 
holder. Upon the exercise of a Guaranty Option or Post-Guaranty 
Temple-Inland Option, regardless of the holder thereof, the most recent 
employer of the holder of the option at the time of exercise (or his 
decedent, as applicable) shall be responsible for the satisfaction of all 
tax reporting requirements in respect of such exercise, shall be 
responsible for remitting the appropriate withholding amounts to the 
appropriate taxing authorities, and shall be entitled to the benefit of any 
tax deduction in respect of the exercise of all such options (regardless of 
whether they are Guaranty Options or Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland Options).

          (b) Forestar Distribution.

               (i) Each Temple-Inland Option that is outstanding 
immediately prior to the Forestar Distribution Date shall, as of the 
Forestar Distribution Date, be converted into a Forestar Option and an 
adjusted Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland Option (a Post-Forestar Temple-Inland 
Option) in accordance with the succeeding paragraphs of this Section 
7.1(b).

               (ii) The number of shares subject to the Forestar Option 
shall be equal to the number of shares of Forestar Common Stock to which 
the option holder would be entitled in the Forestar Distribution had the 
shares subject to the Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland Option represented 
outstanding shares of Temple-Inland Common Stock as of the Forestar 
Distribution Record Date, the resulting number of shares subject to the 
Forestar Option being rounded down to the nearest whole share. The number 
of shares subject to the Temple-Inland Option shall not change. The per 
share exercise price of the Post-Forestar Temple-Inland Option shall be 
equal to the product of (1) the per share exercise price of the 
Post-Guaranty Temple-Inland Option immediately prior to the Forestar 
Distribution Date (the Pre-Forestar Temple-Inland Option Price, which 
shall be deemed to equal the Pre-Guaranty Temple-Inland Option Price if the 
Forestar Distribution and the Guaranty Distribution occur on the same date) 
multiplied by (2) a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the 
Post-Forestar Temple-Inland Stock Price and the denominator of which shall 
be the sum of (i) the Post-Forestar Temple-Inland Stock Price, (ii) the

18

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

quotient determined by dividing the Initial Forestar Stock Price by the 
Forestar Ratio (as defined below) (such quotient, the Forestar Option 
Conversion Value), and (iii) if the Forestar Distribution and Guaranty 
Distribution occur on the same date, the Guaranty Option Conversion Value, 
which product shall be rounded up to the nearest whole cent. The per share 
exercise price of the Forestar Option shall be equal to the product of (1) 
the Pre-Forestar Temple-Inland Option Price multiplied by (2) a fraction, 
the numerator of which shall be the Initial Forestar Stock Price and the 
denominator of which shall be the sum of (i) the Post-Forestar 
Temple-Inland Stock Price, (ii) Forestar Option Conversion Value, and (iii) 
if the Forestar Distribution and Guaranty Distribution occur on the same 
date, the Guaranty Option Conversion Value, which product shall be rounded 
up to the nearest whole cent. For purposes of this paragraph (b), 
Forestar Ratio shall mean the amount determined by dividing (x) the number 
one (1) by (y) the number of shares of Forestar Common Stock distributed in 
respect of each share of Temple-Inland Common Stock in the Forestar 
Distribution.

               (iii) Prior to the Forestar Distribution Date, Temple-Inland 
shall take all actions necessary to provide that, effective as of the 
Forestar Distribution Date, for purposes of the Post-Forestar Temple-Inland 
Options (including in determining exercisability and the post-termination 
exercise period), a Forestar Employees continuous service with the 
Forestar Group or Guaranty Group following the Forestar Distribution Date 
shall be deemed continued service with Temple-Inland. Forestar shall issue 
each Forestar Option under the Forestar Stock Plan with terms such that, 
except as otherwise provided herein, the terms and conditions applicable to 
the Forestar Options shall be substantially similar to the terms and 
conditions applicable to the corresponding Temple-Inland Option, including 
the terms and conditions relating to vesting and the post-termination 
exercise period and including a provision to the effect that, for purposes 
of the Forestar Options, continuous service with the Temple-Inland Group, 
Guaranty Group or Forestar Group from and after the Relevant Time shall be 
deemed to constitute service with Forestar.

               (iv) Except as otherwise provided herein, the Forestar 
Options and the Post-Forestar Temple-Inland Options shall remain subject to 
the terms and conditions of the underlying Temple-Inland Option as in 
effect immediately prior to the Forestar Distribution Date (taking into 
account changes in the identity of the employer, including for purposes of 
determining whether a change in control has occurred).

               (v) Upon the exercise of a Forestar Option, regardless of 
the holder thereof, the exercise price shall be paid to (or otherwise 
satisfied to the satisfaction of) Forestar in accordance with the terms of 
the Forestar Option, and Forestar shall be solely responsible for the 
issuance of Forestar Common Stock, for ensuring the collection of the 
employee portion of all applicable withholding tax on behalf of the 
employing entity of such holder, and for ensuring the remittance of such 
withholding taxes to the employing entity of such holder. Upon the exercise 
of a Post-Forestar Temple-Inland Option, regardless of the holder thereof, 
the exercise price shall be paid to (or otherwise satisfied to the 
satisfaction of) Temple-Inland in accordance with the terms of the 
Post-Forestar Temple-Inland Option, and Temple-Inland shall be solely 
responsible for the issuance of Temple-Inland Common Stock, for ensuring 
the collection of the employee portion of all applicable withholding tax on 
behalf of the employing entity of such holder and for ensuring the 
remittance of such withholding taxes to the employing entity of such 
holder. Upon the exercise of a Forestar Option or Post-Forestar 
Temple-Inland Option, regardless of the holder thereof, the

19

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

most recent employer of the holder of the option at the time of exercise 
(or his decedent, as applicable) shall be responsible for the satisfaction 
of all tax reporting requirements in respect of such exercise, shall be 
responsible for remitting the appropriate withholding amounts to the 
appropriate taxing authorities, and shall be entitled to the benefit of any 
tax deduction in respect of the exercise of all such options (regardless of 
whether they are Forestar Options or Post-Forestar Temple-Inland Options).

          (c) Special Ordering Rule. To the extent that the Forestar 
Distribution Date occurs before the Guaranty Distribution Date, all 
references to Guaranty in subsections (a) and (b), above, shall be deemed 
to be references to Forestar, and all references to Forestar in subsections 
(a) and (b), above, shall be deemed to be references to Guaranty.

     Section 7.2 Treatment of Outstanding Temple-Inland Restricted Shares.

          (a) Each holder as of the Guaranty Distribution Record Date of 
Temple-Inland Restricted Shares that remain outstanding immediately prior 
to the Guaranty Distribution Date shall receive, upon the Guaranty 
Distribution being made, such number of Guaranty Restricted Shares as 
equals the number of shares of Guaranty Common Stock to which all other 
holders of shares of Temple-Inland Common Stock shall be entitled to 
receive upon the Guaranty Distribution being made. Each holder as of the 
Forestar Distribution Record Date of Temple-Inland Restricted Shares that 
remain outstanding immediately prior to the Forestar Distribution Date 
shall receive, upon the Forestar Distribution being made, such number of 
Forestar Restricted Shares as equals the number of shares of Forestar 
Common Stock to which all other holders of shares of Temple-Inland Common 
Stock shall be entitled to receive upon the Forestar Distribution being 
made.  The Temple-Inland Restricted Shares outstanding following the 
Guaranty Distribution or Forestar Distribution or both having been made are 
hereinafter referred to as adjusted Temple-Inland Restricted Shares. The 
Guaranty Restricted Shares, Forestar Restricted Shares and the adjusted 
Temple-Inland Restricted Shares shall be subject to the succeeding 
paragraphs of this Section 7.2.

          (b) All Guaranty Restricted Shares, Forestar Restricted Shares 
and adjusted Temple-Inland Restricted Shares shall become vested upon the 
date the Temple-Inland Restricted Shares would have otherwise vested in 
accordance with the existing vesting schedule.

          (c) Prior to the Guaranty Distribution Date and Forestar 
Distribution Date, respectively, Temple-Inland shall take all steps 
necessary to provide that, effective as of the Guaranty Distribution Date 
and Forestar Distribution Date, respectively, for purposes of continued 
vesting of the adjusted Temple-Inland Restricted Shares, a Guaranty 
Employees continuous service with the Guaranty Group or Forestar Group 
following the Guaranty Distribution Date shall be deemed continued service 
with Temple-Inland and a Forestar Employees continuous service with the 
Forestar Group or Guaranty Group following the Forestar Distribution Date 
shall be deemed continued service with Temple-Inland. Except as otherwise 
provided herein, the terms and conditions applicable to the Guaranty 
Restricted Shares and Forestar Restricted Shares, respectively, shall be 
substantially similar to the terms and conditions applicable to the 
corresponding Temple-Inland Restricted Shares (taking into account changes 
in the identity of the employer, including for purposes of determining 
whether a change in control has occurred),

20

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

including a provision to the effect that, for purposes of the Guaranty 
Restricted Shares and Forestar Restricted Shares, continuous service of a 
Temple-Inland Employee, Guaranty Employee or Forestar Employee with any 
member of the Temple-Inland Group, Guaranty Group or Forestar Group shall 
be deemed to constitute service with Guaranty and Forestar, respectively; 
provided, that, nothing in this Section 7.2(c) shall require the payment or 
crediting of dividends to holders of Temple-Inland Common Stock, Guaranty 
Common Stock or Forestar Common Stock.

          (d) Upon the vesting of the Guaranty Restricted Shares, Guaranty 
shall be solely responsible for the settlement of all Guaranty Restricted 
Shares, regardless of the holder thereof, and for ensuring the satisfaction 
of the employee portion of all applicable tax withholding requirements on 
behalf of the employing entity of such holder and for ensuring the 
remittance of such withholding taxes to the employing entity of such 
holder. Upon the vesting of the Forestar Restricted Shares, Forestar shall 
be solely responsible for the settlement of all Forestar Restricted Shares, 
regardless of the holder thereof, and for ensuring the satisfaction of the 
employee portion of all applicable tax withholding requirements on behalf 
of the employing entity of such holder and for ensuring the remittance of 
such withholding taxes to the employing entity of such holder. Upon the 
vesting of the Temple-Inland Restricted Shares, Temple-Inland shall be 
solely responsible for the settlement of all Temple-Inland Restricted 
Shares, regardless of the holder thereof, and for ensuring the satisfaction 
of the employee portion of all applicable tax withholding requirements on 
behalf of the employing entity of such holder and for ensuring the 
remittance of such withholding taxes to the employing entity of such 
holder. Upon the vesting of Temple-Inland Restricted Shares, Guaranty 
Restricted Shares or Forestar Restricted Shares, the employer of the holder 
of the respective shares (or, in the case of vesting upon death, the 
employer of the decedent at the time of death) shall be responsible for the 
satisfaction of all tax reporting requirements in respect of such vesting, 
shall be responsible for remitting the appropriate withholding amounts to 
the appropriate taxing authorities and shall be entitled to the benefit of 
any tax deduction in respect of the vesting of all such restricted shares 
(regardless of whether the restricted share is a Temple-Inland Restricted 
Share, Guaranty Restricted Share or Forestar Restricted Share).

     Section 7.3 Treatment of Outstanding Temple-Inland Restricted Stock 
Units.

          (a) Each Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Unit that is outstanding 
immediately prior to the Guaranty Distribution Date shall be converted, as 
of the Guaranty Distribution Date, into a Guaranty Restricted Stock Unit 
and an adjusted Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Unit (including a ratable 
portion of any accumulated dividend equivalents) in accordance with the 
succeeding paragraphs of this Section 7.3. Each Temple-Inland Restricted 
Stock Unit that is outstanding immediately prior to the Forestar 
Distribution Date shall be converted, as of the Forestar Distribution Date, 
into a Forestar Restricted Stock Unit and an adjusted Temple-Inland 
Restricted Stock Unit (including a ratable portion of any accumulated 
dividend equivalents) in accordance with the succeeding paragraphs of this 
Section 7.3.

          (b) The number of Guaranty Restricted Stock Units and Forestar 
Restricted Stock Units shall be equal, respectively, to the number of 
shares of Guaranty Common Stock and Forestar Common Stock to which the 
holder of Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Units would be entitled in the 
Guaranty Distribution and Forestar Distribution had the Temple-Inland 
Restricted Stock Units represented actual shares of Temple-Inland Common 
Stock as of the Guaranty

21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Distribution Record Date and Forestar Distribution Record Date, 
respectively, the resulting number of Guaranty Restricted Stock Units and 
Forestar Restricted Stock Units, respectively, being rounded down to the 
nearest whole unit. All Guaranty Restricted Stock Units, Forestar 
Restricted Stock Units and adjusted Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Units 
shall become vested upon the date the Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Units 
would have otherwise vested in accordance with the existing vesting 
schedule.

          (c) Prior to the Guaranty Distribution Date and Forestar 
Distribution Date, respectively, Temple-Inland take all actions necessary 
to provide that, effective as of the respective Distribution Date, for 
purposes of continued vesting of the adjusted Temple-Inland Restricted 
Stock Units, a Guaranty Employees continuous service with the Guaranty 
Group or Forestar Group following the Guaranty Distribution Date shall be 
deemed continued service with Temple-Inland, and a Forestar Employees 
continuous service with the Forestar Group or Guaranty Group following the 
Forestar Distribution Date shall be deemed continued service with 
Temple-Inland. Except as otherwise provided herein, the terms and 
conditions applicable to the Guaranty Restricted Stock Units and Forestar 
Restricted Stock Units, respectively, shall be substantially similar to the 
terms and conditions applicable to the corresponding Temple-Inland 
Restricted Stock Unit (taking into account changes in the identity of the 
employer, including for purposes of determining whether a change in control 
has occurred), including a provision to the effect that, for purposes of 
the Guaranty Restricted Stock Units and Forestar Restricted Stock Units, 
continuous service of a Temple-Inland Employee, Guaranty Employee or 
Forestar Employee with any member of the Temple-Inland Group, Guaranty 
Group or Forestar Group shall be deemed to constitute service with Guaranty 
and Forestar, respectively; provided, that, nothing in this Section 7.3(c) 
shall require the payment or crediting of dividends to holders of 
Temple-Inland Common Stock, Guaranty Common Stock or Forestar Common Stock.

          (d) Upon the vesting of the Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Units, 
Guaranty Restricted Stock Units or Forestar Restricted Stock Units that are 
to be settled in cash, the employer of the holder of the respective unit 
(or, in the case of vesting upon death, the employer of the decedent at the 
time of death) shall be solely responsible for the settlement of the unit 
(including any attributable dividend equivalents), regardless of whether 
the unit is a Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Unit, Guaranty Restricted 
Stock Unit, or Forestar Restricted Stock Unit, and for ensuring the 
satisfaction of all applicable tax reporting and withholding requirements 
in respect of such settlement and for ensuring the remittance of such 
withholding taxes, and the employer of the holder of the respective unit 
(or, in the case of vesting upon death, the employer of the decedent at the 
time of death) shall be entitled to the benefit of any tax deduction in 
respect of the settlement of all such restricted stock units (regardless of 
whether the restricted stock unit is a Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Unit, 
Guaranty Restricted Stock Unit or Forestar Restricted Stock Unit). Upon the 
vesting of the Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Units that are settled in 
shares of Temple-Inland Common Stock, Temple-Inland shall be solely 
responsible for the settlement of all Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Units, 
regardless of the holder thereof, and for ensuring the satisfaction of the 
employee portion of all applicable tax withholding requirements on behalf 
of the employing entity of such holder and for ensuring the remittance of 
such withholding taxes to the employing entity of such holder. Upon the 
vesting of the Guaranty Restricted Stock Units that are settled in shares 
of Guaranty Common Stock, Guaranty shall be solely responsible for the 
settlement of all Guaranty Restricted Stock Units, regardless of the

22

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

holder thereof, and for ensuring the satisfaction of the employee portion 
of all applicable tax withholding requirements on behalf of the employing 
entity of such holder and for ensuring the remittance of such withholding 
taxes to the employing entity of such holder. Upon the vesting of the 
Forestar Restricted Stock Units that are settled in shares of Forestar 
Common Stock, Forestar shall be solely responsible for the settlement of 
all Forestar Restricted Stock Units, regardless of the holder thereof, and 
for ensuring the satisfaction of the employee portion of all applicable tax 
withholding requirements on behalf of the employing entity of such holder 
and for ensuring the remittance of such withholding taxes to the employing 
entity of such holder. Upon the vesting of Temple-Inland Restricted Stock 
Units, Guaranty Restricted Stock Units or Forestar Restricted Stock Units 
that are settled in shares of Temple-Inland Common Stock, Guaranty Common 
Stock, or Forestar Common Stock, as the case may be, the employer of the 
holder of the respective unit (or, in the case of vesting upon death, the 
employer of the decedent at the time of death) shall be responsible for the 
satisfaction of all tax reporting requirements in respect of such 
settlement, shall be responsible for remitting the appropriate withholding 
amounts to the appropriate taxing authorities and shall be entitled to the 
benefit of any tax deduction in respect of the settlement of all such 
restricted stock units (regardless of whether the restricted stock unit is 
a Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Unit, Guaranty Restricted Stock Unit, or 
Forestar Restricted Stock Unit).

     Section 7.4 Treatment of Outstanding Temple-Inland Performance Shares
.

          (a) Each Temple-Inland Performance Share that is outstanding 
immediately prior to the Guaranty Distribution Date shall represent, as of 
the Guaranty Distribution Date, a Guaranty Performance Share and an 
adjusted Temple-Inland Performance Share (including a ratable portion of 
any accumulated dividend equivalents) in accordance with the succeeding 
paragraphs of this Section 7.4. Each Temple-Inland Performance Share that 
is outstanding immediately prior to the Forestar Distribution Date shall 
represent, as of the Forestar Distribution Date, a Forestar Performance 
Share and an adjusted Temple-Inland Performance Share (including a ratable 
portion of any accumulated dividend equivalents) in accordance with the 
succeeding paragraphs of this Section 7.4.

          (b) The number of Guaranty Performance Shares and Forestar 
Performance Shares shall be equal, respectively, to the number of shares of 
Guaranty Common Stock and Forestar Common Stock to which the holder of 
Temple-Inland Performance Shares would be entitled in the Guaranty 
Distribution and Forestar Distribution had the Temple-Inland Performance 
Shares represented actual shares of Temple-Inland Common Stock as of the 
Guaranty Distribution Record Date and Forestar Distribution Record Date, 
respectively, the resulting number of Guaranty Performance Shares and 
Forestar Performance Shares being rounded down to the nearest whole unit.

          (c) Prior to the Guaranty Distribution Date and Forestar 
Distribution Date, respectively, Temple-Inland shall take all steps 
necessary to provide that, for purposes of continued vesting of the 
adjusted Temple-Inland Performance Shares, a Guaranty Employees continuous 
service with the Guaranty Group or Forestar Group following the Guaranty 
Distribution Date shall be deemed continued service with Temple-Inland, and 
a Forestar Employees continuous service with the Forestar Group or 
Guaranty Group following the Forestar Distribution Date shall be deemed 
continued service with Temple-Inland. For purposes of the

23

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Guaranty Performance Shares and Forestar Performance Shares, continuous 
service of a Temple-Inland Employee, Guaranty Employee or Forestar Employee 
with any member of the Temple-Inland Group, Guaranty Group or Forestar 
Group shall be deemed to constitute service with Guaranty and Forestar, 
respectively.

          (d) Upon the vesting of the Temple-Inland Performance Shares, 
Guaranty Performance Shares or Forestar Performance Shares, Temple-Inland 
shall be solely responsible for the settlement of all such performance 
shares, regardless of the holder thereof, and for ensuring the satisfaction 
of the employee portion of all applicable tax withholding requirements on 
behalf of the employing entity of such holder and for ensuring the 
remittance of such withholding taxes to the employing entity of such 
holder. Guaranty and Forestar, respectively, shall promptly reimburse 
Temple-Inland for the amount paid in respect of any Guaranty Performance 
Share or Forestar Performance Share and the related employee portion of any 
applicable tax withholding requirements. The employer of the holder of the 
respective performance share shall be responsible for the satisfaction of 
all tax reporting requirements in respect of the settlement of the 
performance share, shall be responsible for remitting the appropriate 
withholding amounts to the appropriate taxing authorities and shall be 
entitled to the benefit of any tax deduction in respect of the settlement 
of the performance share (regardless of whether the performance share is a 
Temple-Inland Performance Share, Guaranty Performance Share, or Forestar 
Performance Share).

     Section 7.5 Cooperation and Special Award Terms. Each of the Parties 
shall establish an appropriate administration system in order to handle in 
an orderly manner exercises of Temple-Inland Options, Guaranty Options and 
Forestar Options and the settlement of Temple-Inland Restricted Shares, 
Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Units, Temple-Inland Performance Shares, 
Guaranty Restricted Shares, Guaranty Restricted Stock Units, Guaranty 
Performance Shares, Forestar Restricted Shares, Forestar Restricted Stock 
Units and Forestar Performance Shares. Each of the Parties will work 
together to unify and consolidate all indicative data and payroll and 
employment information on regular timetables and make certain that each 
applicable entitys data and records in respect of such awards are correct 
and updated on a timely basis. The foregoing shall include employment 
status and information required for tax withholding/remittance, compliance 
with trading windows and compliance with the requirements of the Exchange 
Act and other applicable Laws. Each of the parties shall honor the terms of 
any agreement entered into before the Relevant Time with any employee of 
another party insofar as such agreement provides for accelerated vesting or 
the extension of the term of any Temple-Inland Options, Guaranty Options, 
Forestar Options, Temple-Inland Restricted Shares, Temple-Inland Restricted 
Stock Units, Temple-Inland Performance Shares, Guaranty Restricted Shares, 
Guaranty Restricted Stock Units, Guaranty Performance Shares, Forestar 
Restricted Shares, Forestar Restricted Stock Units or Forestar Performance 
Shares.

     Section 7.6 SEC Registration. The Parties mutually agree to use 
commercially reasonable efforts to maintain effective registration 
statements with the SEC with respect to the long-term incentive awards 
described in this Article VII, to the extent any such registration 
statement is required by applicable Law.

     Section 7.7 Savings Clause. The Parties hereby acknowledge that the 
provisions of this Article VII are intended to achieve certain tax, legal 
and accounting objectives as set forth in the

24

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Separation Agreement and, in the event such objectives are not achieved, 
the Parties agree to negotiate in good faith regarding such other actions 
that may be necessary or appropriate to achieve such objectives.


ARTICLE VIII

ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION MATTERS

     Section 8.1 Workers Compensation Liabilities. All workers 
compensation Liabilities relating to, arising out of, or resulting from any 
claim by a Temple-Inland Employee, Former Temple-Inland Employee, Guaranty 
Employee, Former Guaranty Employee, Forestar Employee or Former Forestar 
Employee that results from an accident, incident or event occurring, or 
from an occupational disease which becomes manifest, at, before or after 
the Relevant Time shall be retained or assumed by Temple-Inland (in respect 
of Temple-Inland Employees and Former Temple-Inland Employees), Guaranty 
(in respect of Guaranty Employees or Former Guaranty Employees) or Forestar 
(in respect of Forestar Employees or Former Forestar Employees), as the 
case may be.

     Section 8.2 Sections 162(m)/409A. Notwithstanding anything in this 
Agreement to the contrary (including the treatment of supplemental and 
deferred compensation plans, outstanding long-term incentive awards and 
annual incentive awards as described herein), the Parties agree to 
negotiate in good faith regarding the need for any treatment different from 
that otherwise provided herein to ensure that (i) a federal income Tax 
deduction for the payment of such supplemental or deferred compensation or 
long-term incentive award, annual incentive award or other compensation is 
not limited by reason of Section 162(m) of the Code, and (ii) the treatment 
of such supplemental or deferred compensation or long-term incentive award, 
annual incentive award or other compensation does not cause the imposition 
of a tax under Section 409A of the Code.

     Section 8.3 Director Programs.

          (a) Director Fees. Except as provided in subsection (b), below, 
Temple-Inland shall retain responsibility for the payment of any fees 
payable in respect of service on the Temple-Inland Board of Directors that 
are payable but not yet paid as of the Final Distribution Date, and neither 
Guaranty nor Forestar shall have any responsibility for any such payments 
(to an individual who is a member of the Guaranty Board of Directors or 
Forestar Board of Directors as of the Relevant Time or otherwise).

          (b) Certain Director Fees. With respect to any fees payable under 
the Temple-Inland Directors Fee Deferral Plan that are payable in shares of 
Temple-Inland Common Stock upon Termination of Service, as defined in such 
plan, each share of Temple-Inland Common Stock credited under such plan 
immediately before the Relevant Time shall, at the Relevant Time, be 
treated in the same manner as described in Section 7.3 in respect of 
Temple-Inland Restricted Stock Units (such that each such credited share of 
Temple-Inland Common Stock shall be deemed to represent Guaranty Common 
Stock and Forestar Common Stock as well, as the case may be). Upon 
entitlement to payment under the plan, Temple-Inland shall be solely 
responsible for the settlement of all shares payable in the form of 
Temple-Inland Common Stock, Guaranty shall be

25

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

solely responsible for the settlement of all shares payable in the form of 
Guaranty Common Stock, and Forestar shall be solely responsible for the 
settlement of all shares payable in the form of Forestar Common Stock, in 
each case regardless of the person entitled to payment.

     Section 8.4 Certain Payroll, Bonus and Supplemental Plan Matters.

          (a) Payroll of Transferring Employees.

               (i) Temple-Inland to Guaranty/Forestar. In the case of an 
individual who transfers employment at the Relevant Time from Temple-Inland 
to either Guaranty or Forestar, Guaranty and Forestar, as the case may be, 
shall be responsible for paying the entire payroll amount due such 
individual for the first payroll cycle ending after the Relevant Time and 
for satisfying all applicable tax reporting and withholding requirements in 
respect of such payment; provided, that, Temple-Inland shall reimburse 
Guaranty and Forestar for the gross amount of the payroll payment (i.e., 
including any applicable deductions) and for all tax withholdings remitted 
in respect of such portion of the payroll period ending before the Relevant 
Time. Temple-Inland shall be entitled to the benefit of any tax deduction 
in respect of its payment for the portion of the payroll period ending 
before the Relevant Time.

               (ii) Guaranty/Forestar to Temple-Inland. In the case of an 
individual who transfers employment at the Relevant Time from Guaranty or 
Forestar to Temple-Inland, Temple-Inland shall be responsible for paying 
the entire payroll amount due such individual for the first payroll cycle 
ending after the Relevant Time and for satisfying all applicable tax 
reporting and withholding requirements in respect of such payment; 
provided, that, Guaranty and Forestar, as the case may be, shall reimburse 
Temple-Inland for the gross amount of the payroll payment (i.e., including 
any applicable deductions) and for all tax withholdings remitted in respect 
of such portion of the payroll period ending before the Relevant Time. 
Temple-Inland shall be entitled to the benefit of any tax deduction in 
respect of its payment for the portion of the payroll period ending before 
the Relevant Time; provided, that, Temple-Inland shall allocate such 
deduction to the Guaranty or Forestar segment of its operations, as the 
case may be.

          (b) Certain Bonus Payments.

               (i) In General. Except to the extent otherwise provided in 
Section 8.4(b)(ii) or 8.4(b)(iii), all bonuses in respect of 2007 shall be 
paid to Temple-Inland Employees, Guaranty Employees and Forestar Employees 
by each of Temple-Inland, Guaranty and Forestar, respectively, at the time 
such bonuses are normally paid (i.e., in December 2007 in respect of 
Guaranty Employees and in February 2008 in respect of Temple-Inland and 
Forestar Employees) in accordance with the bonus pools determined by the 
Management Development and Executive Compensation Committee of the 
Temple-Inland Board of Directors in November 2007 for each of 
Temple-Inland, Guaranty and Forestar.

               (ii) Certain Bonus Amounts. Not later than February 29, 
2008, the Management Development and Executive Compensation Committee of 
the Temple-Inland Board of Directors shall make and communicate to Guaranty 
and Forestar a determination of the amount of Tier I bonuses that 
Temple-Inland would have paid in respect of 2007 to the Guaranty

26

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Employees and Forestar Employees, respectively, but for the foregoing 
provisions of this Section 8.4. Guaranty and Forestar, as the case may be, 
shall be responsible for paying the entire amount of such bonuses to their 
respective employees on or before March 15, 2008 and for satisfying all 
applicable tax reporting and withholding requirements in respect of such 
bonuses and shall be entitled to the benefit of any tax deduction for the 
amount paid.

               (iii) Partial Year Employees. In the case of an individual 
who for some part of 2007 was an employee of two or more of Temple-Inland, 
Guaranty and Forestar, the original employer who established the potential 
2007 bonus for such individual shall inform any subsequent employer of the 
actual amount of bonus the original employer would have paid, and the 
employer of such individual at the Relevant Time (for purposes of this 
Section 8.4(b)(iii), the paying employer) shall pay any bonus payable for 
2007 in such amount as the paying employer in its discretion shall 
determine; provided, that, (A) the prior employer or employers shall 
reimburse the paying employer in an amount equal to the bonus amount the 
original employer determined it would have paid for the entire year 
(together with any applicable withholdings), (B) the prior employer or 
employers shall be entitled to the benefit of any tax deduction in respect 
of the amount reimbursed, and (C) the paying employer shall be entitled to 
the benefit of any tax deduction for the amount actually paid in excess of 
such reimbursement. The paying employer shall be responsible for satisfying 
all applicable tax reporting and withholding requirements in respect of the 
bonus payment.

          (c) Certain Supplemental Plan Payments.

               (i) TIFS SERP. Guaranty shall, in accordance with Section 
6.2 and the terms of the Temple-Inland Financial Services Supplemental 
Benefits Plan and Temple-Inland Financial Services Excess Benefits Plan, 
pay to Temple-Inland Employees and Forestar Employees in 2008 all amounts 
to be paid to such employees by Guaranty under such plans, shall be 
responsible for satisfying all applicable tax reporting and withholding 
requirements in respect of such payments made at any time during 2008, and 
shall be entitled to the benefit of any tax deduction for such payments 
made at any time during 2008.

               (ii) Temple-Inland SERP. Temple-Inland shall, in accordance 
with Section 6.1 and the terms of the Temple-Inland Inc. Supplemental 
Executive Retirement Plan, pay to Guaranty Employees, Former Guaranty 
Employees, Forestar Employees, and Former Forestar Employees in 2008 all 
amounts to be paid to such employees by Temple-Inland under such plan, 
shall be responsible for satisfying all applicable tax reporting and 
withholding requirements in respect of such payments made at any time 
during 2008, and shall be entitled to the benefit of any tax deduction for 
such payments made at any time during 2008.

          (d) Forms W-2. Temple-Inland shall retain Form W-2 and other 
payroll reporting obligations for the 2007 calendar year for all Guaranty 
Employees, Former Guaranty Employees, Forestar Employees and Former 
Forestar Employees. Each Party shall bear the expense of, and W-2 and other 
payroll reporting obligations for, all compensation payable to or on behalf 
of its employees, contractors, and former employees and contractors in 
years subsequent to 2007 (including compensation relative to relocations or 
relocation subsidies initiated prior to 2008) except as otherwise set forth 
herein.

27

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ARTICLE IX

INDEMNIFICATION

     Section 9.1 General Indemnification. Any claim for indemnification 
under this Agreement shall be governed by, and be subject to, the 
provisions of Article VII of the Separation Agreement, which provisions are 
hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement and any references to 
Agreement in such Article VII as incorporated herein shall be deemed to 
be references to this Agreement.


ARTICLE X

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE

     Section 10.1 Sharing Of Information. Temple-Inland, Guaranty and 
Forestar (acting directly or through their respective Affiliates) shall 
provide to each other and their respective agents and vendors all 
Information as the other may reasonably request to enable the requesting 
Party to administer efficiently and accurately each of its Benefit Plans, 
to timely and accurately comply with and report under Section 14 of the 
Exchange Act, and to determine the scope of, as well as fulfill, its 
obligations under this Agreement. Such information shall, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, be provided in the format and at the times and 
places requested, but in no event shall the Party providing such 
information be obligated to incur any out-of-pocket expenses not reimbursed 
by the Party making such request or make such information available outside 
of its normal business hours and premises. Any information shared or 
exchanged pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to the 
confidentiality requirements set forth in the Separation Agreement. The 
Parties also hereby agree to enter into any business associate agreements 
that may be required for the sharing of any Information pursuant to this 
Agreement to comply with the requirements of HIPAA.

     Section 10.2 Reasonable Efforts/Cooperation. Each of the Parties 
hereto will use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly take, or 
cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things 
necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Laws and regulations to 
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including 
adopting plans or plan amendments. Each of the Parties hereto shall 
cooperate fully on any issue relating to the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement for which the other Party seeks a determination letter or 
private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, an advisory 
opinion from the Department of Labor or any other filing, consent or 
approval with respect to or by a Governmental Entity.

     Section 10.3 Employer Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit 
any Party or any of their respective Affiliates from amending, modifying or 
terminating any of their respective Benefit Plans at any time within their 
sole discretion.

     Section 10.4 Effect on Employment. Except as expressly provided in 
this Agreement, the occurrence of neither the Guaranty Distribution nor the 
Forestar Distribution alone shall cause

28

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

any employee to be deemed to have incurred a termination of employment 
which entitles such individual to the commencement of benefits under any of 
the Temple-Inland Benefit Plans (provided that Guaranty Participants and 
Forestar Participants may become eligible for a distribution from the 
Temple-Inland Retirement Plan in accordance with the terms of such plan). 
Furthermore, nothing in this Agreement is intended to confer upon any 
employee or former employee of Temple-Inland, Guaranty, Forestar or any of 
their respective Affiliates any right to continued employment, or any 
recall or similar rights to an individual on layoff or any type of approved 
leave.

     Section 10.5 Consent Of Third Parties. If any provision of this 
Agreement is dependent on the Consent of any third party and such consent 
is withheld, the Parties hereto shall use their reasonable best efforts to 
implement the applicable provisions of this Agreement to the fullest extent 
practicable. If any provision of this Agreement cannot be implemented due 
to the failure of such third party to consent, the Parties hereto shall 
negotiate in good faith to implement the provision (as applicable) in a 
mutually satisfactory manner.

     Section 10.6 Access To Employees. Following the Effective Time, 
Temple-Inland, Guaranty and Forestar shall, or shall cause each of their 
respective Affiliates to, make available to each other those of their 
employees who may reasonably be needed in order to defend or prosecute any 
legal or administrative action (other than a legal action between or among 
any of the Parties) to which any employee, director or Benefit Plan of the 
Temple-Inland Group, Guaranty Group or Forestar Group is a party and which 
relates to their respective Benefit Plans prior to the Relevant Time. The 
Party to whom an employee is made available in accordance with this Section 
10.6 shall pay or reimburse the other Party for all reasonable expenses 
which may be incurred by such employee in connection therewith, including 
all reasonable travel, lodging, and meal expenses, but excluding any amount 
for such employees time spent in connection herewith.

     Section 10.7 Beneficiary Designation/Release Of Information/Right To 
Reimbursement. To the extent permitted by applicable Law and except as 
otherwise provided for in this Agreement, all beneficiary designations, 
authorizations for the release of Information and rights to reimbursement 
made by or relating to Guaranty Participants or Forestar Participants under 
Temple-Inland Benefit Plans shall be transferred to and be in full force 
and effect under the corresponding Guaranty Benefit Plans and Forestar 
Benefit Plans until such beneficiary designations, authorizations or rights 
are replaced or revoked by, or no longer apply, to the relevant Guaranty 
Participant or Forestar Participant.


ARTICLE XI

MISCELLANEOUS

     Section 11.1 Effect If Certain Events Do Not Occur. Notwithstanding 
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Separation Agreement is 
terminated prior to the Effective Time, then all actions and events that 
are, under this Agreement, to be taken or occur effective prior to, as of 
or following the Effective Time, or otherwise in connection with the 
Separation, shall not be taken or occur except to the extent specifically 
agreed to in writing by Temple-Inland on the one hand and Guaranty or 
Forestar on the other hand and no Party shall have any Liability or further

29

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

obligation to any other Party under this Agreement.

     Section 11.2 Relationship Of Parties. Nothing in this Agreement shall 
be deemed or construed by the Parties or any third party as creating the 
relationship of principal and agent, partnership or joint venture between 
or among the Parties, it being understood and agreed that no provision 
contained herein, and no act of the Parties, shall be deemed to create any 
relationship between or among the Parties other than the relationship set 
forth herein.

     Section 11.3 Subsidiaries. Each of the Parties shall cause to be 
performed all actions, agreements and obligations set forth herein to be 
performed by any Subsidiary or Affiliate of such Party or by any entity 
that becomes a Subsidiary or Affiliate of such Party on and after the 
Relevant Time. The Parties acknowledge that certain actions, agreements and 
obligations that certain of their Affiliates and Subsidiaries may be 
required to perform in connection with the performance of the Parties 
obligations under this Agreement may require Governmental Approval by 
Governmental Entities under applicable Law, and therefore agree that 
performance of such actions, agreements and obligations is subject to the 
receipt of all such necessary Governmental Approvals, which approvals each 
Party shall, and shall cause the members of its respective Group to, use 
its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain.

     Section 11.4 Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other 
communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given 
or made (and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made upon receipt 
unless the day of receipt is not a Business Day, in which case it shall be 
deemed to have been given on the next Business Day) by delivery in person, 
by overnight courier service, by facsimile with receipt confirmed (followed 
by delivery of an original via overnight courier service) or by registered 
or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the 
respective Party or Parties at the following addresses (or at such other 
address for a Party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance 
with this Section 11.4):

To Temple-Inland:

Temple-Inland Inc.
1300 MoPac Expressway South
Austin, Texas 78746
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: (512) 434-8051

To Forestar:

Forestar Real Estate Group Inc.
1300 MoPac Expressway South
Austin, Texas 78746
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: (512) 434-5780

To Guaranty:

30

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Guaranty Financial Group Inc.
8333 Douglas Avenue
Dallas, Texas 75225
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: (214) 360-1908

     Section 11.5 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Separation 
Agreement, and each other Ancillary Agreement, including any annexes, 
schedules and exhibits thereto, as well as any other agreements and 
documents referred to herein and therein, shall constitute the entire 
agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
shall supersede all previous negotiations, commitments and writings with 
respect to such subject matter.

     Section 11.6 Waivers. The failure of any Party to require strict 
performance by any other Party of any provision in this Agreement will not 
waive or diminish that Partys right to demand strict performance 
thereafter of that or any other provision hereof.

     Section 11.7 Amendments. Subject to the terms of Section 11.8 of this 
Agreement, this Agreement may not be modified or amended except by an 
agreement in writing signed by each of the Parties.

     Section 11.8 Termination. This Agreement (including Article IX 
(Indemnification) hereof) may be terminated and each Distribution may be 
amended, modified or abandoned at any time prior to the Forestar 
Distribution Date or the Guaranty Distribution Date by and in the sole 
discretion of Temple-Inland without the approval of Forestar or Guaranty or 
the stockholders of Temple-Inland and it shall be deemed terminated if and 
when the Separation Agreement is terminated. In the event of such 
termination, no Party shall have any Liability of any kind to any other 
Party or any other Person. After the earlier of the Forestar Distribution 
Date and Guaranty Distribution Date, this Agreement may not be terminated 
except by an agreement in writing signed by Temple-Inland, Forestar and 
Guaranty. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be terminated 
or amended as among any Parties that remain Affiliates, so long as such 
amendment does not adversely affect any Party that is no longer an 
Affiliate, in which case, only with the Consent of such Party.

     Section 11.9 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the internal Laws, and not the Laws governing 
conflicts of Laws, of the State of Texas.

     Section 11.10 Dispute Resolution. Any controversy, dispute or claim 
arising out of, in connection with, or in relation to the interpretation, 
performance, nonperformance, validity, termination or breach of this 
Agreement or otherwise arising out of, or in any way related to this 
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, including any claim 
based on contract, tort, statute or constitution (but excluding any 
controversy, dispute or claim arising out of any Contract relating to the 
use or lease of real property if any third party is a necessary party to 
such controversy, dispute or claim) (collectively, Agreement Dispute), 
shall be governed by, and be subject to, the provisions of Article IX of 
the Separation Agreement, which provisions (and related defined terms) are 
hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement and any references to 
Agreement in such Article IX as incorporated herein shall be deemed to be 
references to this

31

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Agreement; provided, however, any references to Agreement or Agreement 
Disputes in such Article IX as incorporated herein shall be deemed to be 
references to this Agreement and Agreement Disputes as defined in this 
Agreement.

     Section 11.11 Consent to Jurisdiction. Subject to the provisions of 
Article IX of the Separation Agreement, each of the Parties irrevocably 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of (a) the District Court of the 
State of Texas for Travis County, and (b) the United States District Court 
for the Western District of Texas (the Texas Courts), for the purposes of 
any suit, action or other proceeding to compel arbitration or for 
provisional relief in aid of arbitration in accordance with Article IX of 
the Separation Agreement or for provisional relief to prevent irreparable 
harm, and to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Texas Courts for the 
enforcement of any award issued thereunder. Each of the Parties further 
agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by United 
States registered mail or receipted courier service to such Partys 
respective address set forth in Section 11.4 of this Agreement shall be 
effective service of process for any action, suit or proceeding in the 
Texas Courts with respect to any matters to which it has submitted to 
jurisdiction in this Section 11.11. Each of the Parties irrevocably and 
unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such 
action, suit or proceeding in the Texas Courts, and hereby further 
irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in 
any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such 
court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

     Section 11.12 Titles and Headings. Titles and headings to Sections and 
Articles herein are inserted for the convenience of reference only and are 
not intended to be a part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of 
this Agreement.

     Section 11.13 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in more 
than one counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same 
agreement, and shall become effective when one or more such counterparts 
have been signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties. 
Execution of this Agreement or any other documents pursuant to this 
Agreement by facsimile or other electronic copy of a signature shall be 
deemed to be, and shall have the same effect as, executed by an original 
signature.

     Section 11.14 Assignment. Except as otherwise expressly provided for 
in this Agreement, this Agreement shall not be assignable, in whole or in 
part, directly or indirectly, by any Party without the prior written 
consent of the other Parties, and any attempt to assign any rights or 
obligations arising under this Agreement without such consent shall be null 
and void; provided, that, a Party may assign this Agreement in connection 
with a merger transaction in which such Party is not the surviving entity 
or the sale by such Party of all or substantially all of its Assets, and 
upon the effectiveness of such assignment the assigning Party shall be 
released from all of its obligations under this Agreement provided that the 
surviving entity of such merger or the transferee of such Assets shall 
agree in writing, reasonably satisfactory to the other Parties, to be bound 
by the terms of this Agreement as if named as a Party hereto.

     Section 11.15 Severability. In the event any one or more of the 
provisions contained in this Agreement should be held invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of 
the remaining provisions contained herein and therein shall not in any way 
be

32

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

affected or impaired thereby. The Parties shall endeavor in good-faith 
negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions 
with valid provisions, the economic effect of which comes as close as 
possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.

     Section 11.16 Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement 
and the obligations and rights hereunder shall be binding upon, inure to 
the benefit of and be enforceable by (and against) the Parties and their 
respective successors and permitted transferees and assigns.

     Section 11.17 Specific Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable 
damage would occur in the event that the provisions of this Agreement were 
not performed in accordance with their specific terms. Accordingly, it is 
hereby agreed that the Parties shall be entitled to (i) an injunction or 
injunctions to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any 
arbitration in accordance with Section 11.10 of this Agreement, (ii) 
provisional or temporary injunctive relief in accordance therewith in any 
Texas Court, and (iii) enforcement of any such award of an arbitral 
tribunal or a Texas Court in any court of the United States, or any other 
any court or tribunal sitting in any state of the United States or in any 
foreign country that has jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other 
remedy or relief to which they may be entitled.

     Section 11.18 Waiver of Jury Trial. Subject to Sections 11.9, 11.10 
and 11.11 of this Agreement, each of the Parties hereby waives to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable Law any right it may have to a trial 
by jury with respect to any court proceeding contemplated by Section 11.11 
of this Agreement. Each of the Parties hereby (a) certifies that no 
representative, agent or attorney of the other Party has represented, 
expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of 
litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges that 
it has been induced to enter into this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, as applicable, by, among other things, the 
mutual waivers and certifications in this Section 11.18.

     Section 11.19 Force Majeure. No Party (or any Person acting on its 
behalf) shall have any liability or responsibility for failure to fulfill 
any obligation (other than a payment obligation) under this Agreement so 
long as and to the extent to which the fulfillment of such obligation is 
prevented, frustrated, hindered or delayed as a consequence of 
circumstances of Force Majeure. A Party claiming the benefit of this 
provision shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of 
any such event: (a) notify the other Party of the nature and extent of any 
such Force Majeure condition and (b) use due diligence to remove any such 
causes and resume performance under this Agreement as soon as reasonably 
practicable.

     Section 11.20 Authorization. Each of the Parties hereby represents and 
warrants that it has the power and authority to execute, deliver and 
perform this Agreement, that this Agreement has been duly authorized by all 
necessary corporate action on the part of such Party, that this Agreement 
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each such Party and 
that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such 
Party does not contravene or conflict with any provision of law or of its 
charter or bylaws or any material agreement, instrument or order binding on 
such Party.

     Section 11.21 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as otherwise 
expressly provided in

33

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

this Agreement, this Agreement is solely for the benefit of the Parties and 
should not be deemed to confer upon third parties any remedy, claim, 
liability, reimbursement, cause of action or other right in excess of those 
existing without reference to this Agreement.

     Section 11.22 Construction. The Parties have participated jointly in 
the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be 
construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction 
or interpretation against the party drafting or causing any instrument to 
be drafted.


[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank.]

34

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed as of the day and year first above written.
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	TEMPLE-INLAND INC. 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Name: 	  	 
  	  	Title: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	GUARANTY FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Name: 	  	 
  	  	Title: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	FORESTAR REAL ESTATE GROUP INC. 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Name: 	  	 
  	  	Title: 	  	 

35