 EX-10.1 2 dex101.htm RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT OF PHILLIP DEZWIREK 
DATED JULY 2, 2007
Exhibit 10.1


RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT


THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made and entered 
into as of July 2, 2007, by and between CECO Environmental Corp., a 
Delaware corporation (the Company), and Phillip DeZwirek (the 
Participant) relating to the grant and issuance of shares of Common Stock 
of the Company under the CECO Environmental Corp. 2007 Equity Incentive 
Plan (the Plan).



Statement of Purpose


WHEREAS, the Company desires to grant to the Participant, and the 
Participant accepts the grant of, 100,000 shares of Common Stock (the 
Shares);


WHEREAS, the Company has duly made all determinations necessary or 
appropriate in connection with the grant of the Shares hereunder.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants 
herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:


1. Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this 
Agreement shall have the same meaning as defined in the Plan.


2. Grant, Vesting and Settlement of Restricted Shares


(a) Grant. As of July 2, 2007, the Company hereby grants and issues to the 
Participant, and the Participant hereby accepts the grant of the Shares in 
such number as is specified in attached Exhibit A. Concurrent with the 
execution and delivery of the Agreement, the Company will cause the stock 
certificates representing the Shares to be issued in Participants name. To 
the extent the Participant hereby acquires the Shares and the Shares are 
not fully vested as of the date hereof, such Shares shall constitute 
Restricted Shares and shall be subject to all of the restrictions 
described herein. Stock certificates representing Restricted Shares shall 
be held by the Company until such time as the Shares vest.


(b) Vesting and Settlement. The Restricted Shares shall cease to constitute 
Restricted Shares, and shall become unrestricted Shares, pursuant to the 
vesting schedule attached as Exhibit A.


3. Restriction on Transfer; Legend. Restricted Shares or any interest 
therein may not be directly or indirectly sold, transferred, pledged, 
hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of. The Restricted Share certificates 
shall bear the following legend:


The shares represented by this certificate are subject to restrictions on 
transfer and may not be sold, exchanged, transferred, pledged, hypothecated 
or otherwise disposed of except in accordance with and subject to all of 
the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated as of 
July 2, 2007, a copy of which the Company shall furnish to the holder of 
this certificate upon request and without charge.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
When the restrictions on any Shares lapse, the Corporation shall cause a 
replacement stock certificate for those Shares, without the legend referred 
to above, to be issued and delivered to Participant as soon as practicable.


4. Tax Consequences. The Company shall not be liable or responsible in any 
way for any and all tax (including any withholding tax) consequences 
relating to the Shares, and the Participant agrees to undertake to 
determine, and be responsible for, any and all tax (including any 
withholding tax) consequences to himself or herself with respect to the 
Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Shares, 
shall not be released to the Participant unless, the Participant shall have 
paid to the Company, or made arrangements satisfactory to the Company 
regarding the payment of, any Federal, state, local or foreign taxes of any 
kind required by law to be withheld with respect to the grant of the Shares 
or the lapse of restrictions otherwise imposed by this Agreement.


5. Section 83(b) Election. The Participant understands that Section 83 of 
the Code may tax as compensation income the difference between the amount 
paid for the Restricted Shares, if any, and the fair market value of the 
Restricted Shares as of the date any restrictions on the Restricted Shares 
lapse in the absence of an election under Section 83(b) of the Code. In 
this context, restriction means the forfeitability of the Restricted 
Shares pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. In the event the Common 
Shares are registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
(the Exchange Act), restriction with respect to the officers, 
directors, and 10% stockholders may also mean the six-month period after 
the acquisition of the Restricted Shares during which sales of certain 
securities by such officers, directors, and ten percent (10%) stockholders 
would give rise to liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. The 
Participant understands that he may elect to be taxed at the time the 
Participant receives the Restricted Shares and while the Restricted Shares 
are subjected to restrictions rather than waiting to be taxed on the 
Restricted Shares when and as the restrictions lapse. The Participant 
realizes that he may choose this tax treatment by filing an election under 
Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service within thirty 
(30) days from the date hereof and by filing a copy of such election with 
his tax return for the tax year in which the Restricted Shares were 
subjected to the restrictions. The participant acknowledges that it is the 
participants sole responsibility and not the Companys to timely file the 
election under Section 83(b) of the code. The participant acknowledges that 
he shall consult his own tax advisers regarding the advisability or 
non-advisability of making the election under Section 83(b) of the code and 
acknowledges that he shall not rely on the company or its advisers for such 
advice.


6. Voting. Participant shall have the rights and privileges of a 
stockholder of the Company as to the Shares, including the right to receive 
dividends and the right to vote such Shares.


7. No Employment Rights. No provision of this Agreement shall give the 
Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company, create any 
inference as to the length or term of Participants employment, affect the 
right of the Company to terminate Participants employment, with or without 
cause, or give the Participant any right to participate in any employee 
welfare or benefit plan or other program of the Company.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8. Termination. This Agreement shall only be terminated, modified or 
amended upon written mutual agreement of the Company and the Participant.


9. Notices. Any notice given hereunder must be in writing and shall be 
deemed given when either personally delivered or placed in the United 
States mail by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, 
postage prepaid, addressed to the parties to whom such notice is being 
given at the following addresses:
 
  	As to the Company: 	CECO Environmental Corp.
  	     	3120 Forrer Street
  	     	Cincinnati, OH 45209
  	     	Attn: Chief Financial Officer
 
  	As to Participant: 	last address shown on the books of the Company


10. Remedies. Each of the parties to this Agreement will be entitled to 
enforce its rights under this Agreement specifically, to recover damages by 
reason of any breach of any provisions of this Agreement and to exercise 
all other rights existing in its favor. Participant agrees and acknowledges 
that money damages will not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the 
provisions of this Agreement and the Company shall be entitled to specific 
performance and/or injunctive relief in order to enforce or prevent any 
violations of the provisions of this Agreement.


11. Gifts. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed or 
interpreted so as to authorize or permit Participant to transfer the 
Restricted Shares by gift to any person or entity.


12. Entire Agreement. The Plan and this Agreement contains the entire 
understanding and agreement by and between the parties hereto relating to 
the subject matter hereof and all prior or contemporaneous oral or written 
agreements or instruments are superseded hereby. No amendment to or 
modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless the same is in 
writing and signed by all parties hereto. No waiver by any party of any 
breach by the other of any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to 
be a waiver of any other breaches thereof or the waiver of any such or 
other provision of this Agreement. Subject to the restrictions on 
assignment and transfer set forth hereinabove, this Agreement shall be 
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their estates, 
personal representatives, successors and assigns.


13. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is declared invalid or 
unenforceable as a matter of law, such invalidity or unenforceability shall 
not affect or impair the validity or enforceability of any other provisions 
of this Agreement or the remainder of this Agreement as a whole.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
14. Applicable Law. If any question arises at any time as to the validity, 
construction, interpretation or performance of this Agreement the laws of 
the State of Delaware shall govern and control. The parties hereto hereby 
acknowledge that venue is proper in Hamilton County, Ohio.


15. Construction. Paragraph headings and subheadings have been inserted 
herein for convenience only and shall not be deemed to have any legal 
effect whatever in the interpretation of this Agreement. As used herein, 
the singular shall include the plural and the plural and singular. The word 
any means one or more or all, and the conjunction or includes both the 
conjunctive and disjunctive.


16. Execution. This Agreement may be executed in multiple originals, each 
of which shall be deemed to be an original hereof.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Participant have caused the execution 
of this Agreement under seal as of the date hereof, each intending to be 
legally bound hereby
 
CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP.
By: 	  	/s/ Dennis W. Blazer
Its: 	  	/s/ CFO
/s/ Phillip DeZwirek
Phillip DeZwirek
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CECO Environmental Corporation Restricted Stock Award Agreement
Phillip DeZwirek


Vesting of Restricted Stock
 
1. 	Number of Restricted Shares

The number of Shares granted under the Agreement shall be a total of 
100,000 Restricted Shares.
 
2. 	Vesting of Restricted Shares

(a) Subject to Subsection (b) below, 100,000 Restricted Shares shall become 
earned and vested according to the following schedule:
 
Portion of 100,000 Restricted Shares
      that Become Vested and Earned
   	Vesting Date

       1/3

   	July 2, 2008

       1/3

   	July 2, 2009

       1/3

   	July 2, 2010


(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2, if 
Participant no longer is either an officer or director of the Company as of 
any of the above vesting date(s), then Participant shall have no further 
rights with respect to such unvested Restricted Shares, except that (i) if 
Participants termination as an officer and/or director is due to death or 
Disability, then the Compensation Committee may in its sole discretion 
cause any unvested Restricted Shares to vest. In addition, upon the 
occurrence of Change in Control, the Board may in its sole discretion cause 
any unvested Restricted Shares to vest.
 
5