 EX-10.1 2 dex101.htm AUTODESK, INC. 2008 EMPLOYEE STOCK PLAN
EXHIBIT 10.1


AUTODESK, INC.

2008 EMPLOYEE STOCK PLAN*


1. Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this 2008 Employee Stock Plan are:
 
  	 	  	

to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of 
substantial responsibility,

 
  	 	  	

to provide additional incentive to Employees, and

 
  	 	  	

to promote the success of the Companys business.


Awards granted under the Plan may be Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory 
Stock Options, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units as determined by 
the Administrator at the time of grant.


2. Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:

(a) Administrator means the Board or any of its Committees as shall be 
administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.


(b) Applicable Laws means the requirements relating to the administration 
of equity compensation plans under U.S. state corporate laws, U.S. federal 
and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system 
on which the Shares are listed or quoted and the applicable laws of any 
other country or jurisdiction where Awards are granted under the Plan.


(c) Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of 
Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Stock Options, Restricted Stock or 
Restricted Stock Units.


(d) Award Agreement means the written agreement setting forth the terms 
and conditions applicable to each Award granted under the Plan.


(e) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.


(f) Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following 
events, in one or a series of related transactions:

(i) any person, as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the 
Exchange Act, other than the Company, a subsidiary of the Company or a 
Company employee benefit plan, including any trustee of such plan acting as 
trustee, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 
under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the 
Company representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting 
power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote 
generally in the election of directors; or


(ii) a merger or consolidation of the Company or any direct or indirect 
subsidiary of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger 
or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company 
outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by 
remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the 
surviving entity) at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power 
represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving 
entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or


(iii) the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all 
the Companys assets; or
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
* 	As adopted by the Board on September 8, 2007, and approved by the 
stockholders on November 6, 2007, to become effective on March 20, 2008.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iv) a change in the composition of the Board, as a result of which fewer 
than a majority of the Directors are Incumbent Directors. Incumbent 
Directors shall mean Directors who either (A) are Directors as of the date 
this Plan is approved by the Board, or (B) are elected, or nominated for 
election, to the Board with the affirmative votes of at least a majority of 
the Directors and whose election or nomination was not in connection with 
any transaction described in (i) or (ii) above or in connection with an 
actual or threatened proxy contest relating to the election of directors of 
the Company.


(g) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference 
to a specific section of the Code or regulation thereunder shall include 
such section or regulation, any valid regulation promulgated under such 
section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or 
regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or 
regulation.


(h) Committee means a Committee appointed by the Board in accordance with 
Section 4 of the Plan.


(i) Common Stock means the Common Stock of the Company.


(j) Company means Autodesk, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any 
successor thereto.


(k) Date of Grant means, with respect to an Award, the date that the 
Award is granted and its exercise price is set (if applicable), consistent 
with Applicable Laws and applicable financial accounting rules.


(l) Director means a member of the Board.


(m) Disability means total and permanent disability as defined in Section 
22(e)(3) of the Code.


(n) Earnings Per Share means, as to any Performance Period, the Companys 
or a business units fully diluted earnings per share as defined by 
generally accepted accounting principles.


(o) Employee means any person employed by the Company or any Parent or 
Subsidiary of the Company. An Employee shall not cease to be an Employee in 
the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (ii) 
transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its 
Parent, any Subsidiary, or any successor. For purposes of Incentive Stock 
Options, no such leave may exceed ninety days, unless reemployment upon 
expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If 
reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company 
is not so guaranteed, then three (3) months following the 91st day of such 
leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant shall cease to be 
treated as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated for tax purposes 
as a Nonstatutory Stock Option.


(p) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
Reference to a specific section of the Exchange Act or regulation 
thereunder shall include such section or regulation, any valid regulation 
promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future 
legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such 
section or regulation.


(q) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock 
determined as follows:

(i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a 
national market system, including without limitation the Nasdaq National 
Market of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated 
Quotation (Nasdaq) System, the Fair Market Value of a Share of Common 
Stock shall be the closing sales price for such stock (or the closing bid, 
if no sales were reported) as quoted on such system or exchange (or the 
exchange with the greatest volume of trading in Common Stock) on the day of 
determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source 
as the Administrator deems reliable; or


(ii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair 
Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the Administrator.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(r) Fiscal Year means a fiscal year of the Company.


(s) Incentive Stock Option means an Option intended to qualify as an 
incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and 
the regulations promulgated thereunder.


(t) Net Income means, as to any Performance Period, the net income of the 
Company for the Performance Period determined in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles.


(u) Nonstatutory Stock Option means an Option not intended to qualify as 
an Incentive Stock Option.


(v) Notice of Grant means a written or electronic notice evidencing 
certain terms and conditions of an individual Award. The Notice of Grant is 
part of the Award Agreement.


(w) Operating Margins means the ratio of Operating Income to Revenue.


(x) Operating Income means the Companys or a business units income from 
operations determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles.


(y) Option means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.


(z) Option Agreement means a written or electronic agreement between the 
Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of an 
individual Option grant. The Option Agreement is subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Plan.


(aa) Parent means a parent corporation, whether now or hereafter 
existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.


(bb) Participant means the holder of an outstanding Award granted under 
the Plan.


(cc) Performance Goals means the goal(s) (or combined goal(s)) determined 
by the Administrator (in its discretion) to be applicable to a Participant 
with respect to an Award. As determined by the Administrator, the 
Performance Goals applicable to an Award may provide for a targeted level 
or levels of achievement using one or more of the following measures: (a) 
Revenue, (b) Earnings Per Share, (c) Net Income, (d) Operating Margins, and 
(e) Total Stockholder Return. The Performance Goals may differ from 
Participant to Participant and from Award to Award. Any criteria used may 
be measured, as applicable, (i) on Pro Forma numbers, (ii) in absolute 
terms, (iii) in relative terms (including, but not limited, the passage of 
time and/or against other companies or financial metrics), (iv) on a per 
share and/or share per capita basis, (v) against the performance of the 
Company as a whole or against particular segments or products of the 
Company and/or (vi) on a pre-tax or after-tax basis. Prior to the 
Determination Date, the Administrator shall determine whether any 
element(s) (for example, but not by way of limitation, the effect of 
mergers or acquisitions) shall be included in or excluded from the 
calculation of any Performance Goal with respect to any Participants 
(whether or not such determinations result in any Performance Goal being 
measured on a basis other than generally accepted accounting principles).


(dd) Performance Period means any Fiscal Year or such longer period as 
determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion.


(ee) Period of Restriction means the period during which the transfer of 
Shares of Restricted Stock are subject to restrictions and therefore, the 
Shares are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. As provided in 
Section 9, such restrictions may be based on the passage of time, the 
achievement of target levels of performance, or the occurrence of other 
events as determined by the Administrator, in its discretion.


(ff) Plan means this 2008 Employee Stock Plan, as set forth in this 
instrument and as hereafter amended from time to time.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(gg) Pro Forma means calculation of a Performance Goal in a manner that 
excludes certain unusual or non-cash expenses or credits, such as 
restructuring expenses, extraordinary tax events, expenses or credits 
related to stock options, other equity compensation or the like, 
acquisition related expenses, extraordinary items, income or loss from 
discontinued operations, and/or gains or losses from early extinguishment 
of debt instead of conforming to generally accepted accounting principles.


(hh) Restricted Stock means an Award granted to a Participant pursuant to 
Section 9.


(ii) Restricted Stock Unit means an Award granted to a Participant 
pursuant to Section 10.


(jj) Revenue means the Companys or a business units net sales for the 
Performance Period, determined in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles.


(kk) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to 
Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised with respect to 
the Plan.


(ll) Section 16(b) means Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended.


(mm) Share means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance 
with Section 13 of the Plan.


(nn) Subsidiary means a subsidiary corporation, whether now or 
hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.


(oo) Total Stockholder Return means the total return (change in share 
price plus reinvestment of any dividends) of a share of the Companys 
common stock.


3. Stock Subject to the Plan.

(a) Subject to the provisions of Section 13 of the Plan, the maximum 
aggregate number of Shares which may be issued under the Plan is equal to 
16,500,000 Shares plus the number of shares that have been reserved but not 
issued nor subject to outstanding options under the Companys 2006 Employee 
Stock Plan (the 2006 Plan) as of the termination date of the 2006 Plan, 
not to exceed 1,000,000 Shares. No more than 2,500,000 of the Shares 
available under the Plan may be issued pursuant to Awards that are not 
Options.


(b) The Shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock. 
If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised 
in full, or with respect to Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, is 
forfeited to or repurchased by the Company, the unpurchased Shares (or for 
Awards other than Options, the forfeited or repurchased Shares) which were 
subject thereto will become available for future grant or sale under the 
Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). Shares that have actually been 
issued under the Plan under any Award will not be returned to the Plan and 
will not become available for future distribution under the Plan; provided, 
however, that if unvested Shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock 
Units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company, such 
Shares will become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares used 
to pay the tax and exercise price of an Award will not become available for 
future grant or sale under the Plan. To the extent an Award under the Plan 
is paid out in cash rather than Shares, such cash payment will not result 
in reducing the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing and, subject to adjustment provided in 
Section 13, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued upon the 
exercise of Incentive Stock Options shall equal the aggregate Share number 
stated in this Section 3(a), plus, to the extent allowable under Section 
422 of the Code, any Shares that become available for issuance under the 
Plan under this Section 3(b).
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Administration of the Plan.

(a) Procedure.

(i) Multiple Administrative Bodies. The Plan may be administered by 
different Committees with respect to different groups of Employees.


(ii) Section 162(m). To the extent that the Administrator determines it to 
be desirable to qualify Awards granted hereunder as performance-based 
compensation within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the Plan 
shall be administered by a Committee of two or more outside directors 
within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.


(iii) Rule 16b-3. To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder 
as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions contemplated hereunder shall 
be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3.


(iv) Other Administration. Other than as provided above, the Plan shall be 
administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee, which committee shall be 
constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws.


(b) Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and 
in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated by the 
Board to such Committee, the Administrator shall have the authority, in its 
discretion:

(i) to determine the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock, in accordance 
with Section 2(r) of the Plan;


(ii) to select the Employees to whom Awards may be granted hereunder;


(iii) to determine whether and to what extent Awards are granted hereunder;


(iv) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted 
hereunder;


(v) to approve forms of agreement for use under the Plan;


(vi) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms 
of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. With respect to Options, such 
terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, 
the time or times when Options may be exercised, based in each case on such 
factors as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine;


(vii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted 
hereunder;


(viii) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to 
the Plan, including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans established 
for the purpose of qualifying for preferred tax treatment under foreign tax 
laws;


(ix) to modify or amend each Award (not inconsistent with the terms of the 
Plan), including the discretionary authority to extend the post-termination 
exercisability period of Options longer than is otherwise provided for in 
the Plan;


(x) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any 
instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously granted by 
the Administrator;


(xi) to allow Participants to satisfy withholding tax obligations by 
electing to have the Company withhold from the Shares to be issued upon 
exercise or vesting of an Award that number of Shares having a Fair Market 
Value equal to the minimum amount required to be withheld (but no more). 
The Fair Market Value of
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any Shares to be withheld shall be determined on the date that the amount 
of tax to be withheld is to be determined. All elections by a Participant 
to have Shares withheld for this purpose shall be made in such form and 
under such conditions as the Administrator may deem necessary or advisable;


(xii) to determine the terms and restrictions applicable to Awards; and


(xiii) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for 
administering the Plan.


(c) Effect of Administrators Decision. The Administrators decisions, 
determinations and interpretations shall be final and binding on all 
Participants and any other holders of Awards and shall be given the maximum 
deference permitted by law.


5. Eligibility. Awards may be granted only to Employees.


6. No Employment Rights. Neither the Plan nor any Award shall confer upon a 
Participant any right with respect to continuing the Participants 
employment with the Company or its Subsidiaries, nor shall they interfere 
in any way with the Participants right or the Companys or Subsidiarys 
right, as the case may be, to terminate such employment at any time, with 
or without cause or notice.


7. Term of Plan. The Plan shall become effective on March 20, 2008 and 
continue in effect until March 31, 2011, expiring at the close of business, 
pacific daylight time, on March 31, 2011.


8. Stock Options.

(a) Grant of Options. Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, 
Options may be granted to Employees at any time and from time to time as 
determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion. The Administrator, 
in its sole discretion, shall determine the number of Shares subject to 
each Option, provided that during any Fiscal Year, no Participant shall be 
granted Options covering more than a total of 1,500,000 Shares; provided, 
however, that such limit shall be 3,000,000 Shares in the Participants 
first Fiscal Year of Company service. The Administrator may grant Incentive 
Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, or a combination thereof.


(b) Term. The term of each Option shall be stated in the Notice of Grant; 
provided, however, that the term shall be no longer than seven (7) years 
from the Date of Grant. Moreover, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option 
granted to a Participant who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is 
granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting 
power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, 
the term of the Incentive Stock Option shall be no longer than five (5) 
years from the Date of Grant. Subject to the five (5) and seven (7) year 
limits set forth in the preceding sentence, the Administrator may, after an 
Option is granted, extend the maximum term of the Option. Unless otherwise 
determined by the Administrator, any extension of the term of an Option 
pursuant to this Section 8(b) shall comply with Code Section 409A.


(c) Option Exercise Price. The per share exercise price for the Shares to 
be issued pursuant to exercise of an Option shall be determined by the 
Administrator and shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per 
share on the Date of Grant; provided, however, that in the case of an 
Incentive Stock Option granted to an Employee who, at the time the 
Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten 
percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or 
any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price shall be no less 
than 110% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the Date of Grant.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Company or a 
Subsidiary consummates a transaction described in Section 424(a) of the 
Code (e.g., the acquisition of property or stock from an unrelated 
corporation), persons who become Employees on account of such transaction 
may be granted Options in substitution for options granted by their former 
employer. If such substitute Options are granted, the
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Administrator, in its sole discretion and consistent with Section 424(a) of 
the Code, may determine that such substitute Options shall have an exercise 
price less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the 
Shares on the Date of Grant.


(d) No Repricing. The exercise price for an Option may not be reduced 
without the consent of the Companys stockholders. This shall include, 
without limitation, a repricing of the Option as well as an Option exchange 
program whereby the Participant agrees to cancel an existing Option in 
exchange for (a) Awards with a lower exercise price, (b) a different type 
of Award, (c) cash, or (d) a combination of (a), (b) and/or (c).


(e) Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option is granted, 
the Administrator shall fix the period within which the Option may be 
exercised and shall determine any conditions which must be satisfied before 
the Option may be exercised. In so doing, the Administrator may specify 
that an Option may not be exercised until the completion of a service 
period or until performance milestones are satisfied.


(f) Form of Consideration. The Administrator shall determine the acceptable 
form of consideration for exercising an Option, including the method of 
payment. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the Administrator shall 
determine the acceptable form of consideration at the time of grant. 
Subject to Applicable Laws, such consideration may consist entirely of:

(i) cash;


(ii) check;


(iii) other Shares which (A) in the case of Shares acquired upon exercise 
of an option, have been owned by the Participant for more than six months 
on the date of surrender, and (B) have a Fair Market Value on the date of 
surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which 
said Option shall be exercised;


(iv) delivery to the Company of (A) a properly executed exercise notice 
together with such other documentation as the Administrator and the broker, 
if applicable, shall require to effect an exercise of the Option and (B) 
the sale proceeds required to pay the exercise price;


(v) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment; or


(vi) such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of 
Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws; provided, however, that 
in no case will loans be permitted as consideration for exercising an 
Option hereunder.


(g) Exercise of Option; Rights as a Stockholder. Any Option granted 
hereunder shall be exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at 
such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and 
set forth in the Option Agreement.


An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.


An Option shall be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (i) written 
or electronic notice of exercise (in accordance with the Option Agreement) 
from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full payment for 
the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised. Full payment may 
consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the 
Administrator and permitted by the Option Agreement and the Plan. Shares 
issued upon exercise of an Option shall be issued in the name of the 
Participant. Until the stock certificate evidencing such Shares is issued 
(as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a 
duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive 
dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to 
the optioned stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company 
shall issue (or cause to be issued) such stock certificate promptly after 
the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other 
right for which the record date is prior to the date the stock certificate 
is issued, except as provided in Section 13 of the Plan.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exercising an Option in any manner shall decrease the number of Shares 
thereafter available for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as 
to which the Option is exercised.


(h) Termination of Relationship as an Employee. If a Participant ceases to 
be an Employee, other than upon the Participants death or Disability, the 
Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is 
specified in the Option Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested 
on the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of 
the term of such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement). In the 
absence of a specified time in the Option Agreement, the Option shall 
remain exercisable for three (3) months following the Participants 
termination. If, on the date of termination, the Participant is not vested 
as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion 
of the Option shall revert to the Plan. If, after termination, the 
Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified 
by the Administrator, the Option shall terminate, and the Shares covered by 
such Option shall revert to the Plan.


(i) Disability. If a Participant ceases to be an Employee as a result of 
the Participants Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her 
Option for twelve (12) months following the Participants termination (but 
in no event may the Option be exercised later than the expiration of the 
term of such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement). If, on the date 
of termination, the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire 
Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option shall 
revert to the Plan. If, after termination, the Participant does not 
exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein, the Option 
shall terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the 
Plan.


(j) Death of Participant. If a Participant dies while an Employee, the 
Option may be exercised for twelve (12) months following Participants 
death (but in no event may the option be exercised later than the 
expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Option 
Agreement), by the Participants designated beneficiary, provided such 
beneficiary has been designated prior to Participants death in a form 
acceptable to the Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated 
by the Participant, then such Option may be exercised by the personal 
representative of the Participants estate or by the person(s) to whom the 
Option is transferred pursuant to the Participants will or in accordance 
with the laws of descent and distribution. If the Option is not so 
exercised within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate, and 
the Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.


(k) ISO $100,000 Rule. Each Option shall be designated in the Notice of 
Grant as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 
However, notwithstanding such designations, to the extent that the 
aggregate Fair Market Value of Shares subject to a Participants Incentive 
Stock Options granted by the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary, which 
become exercisable for the first time during any calendar year (under all 
plans of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such 
excess Options shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes 
of this Section 8(k), Incentive Stock Options shall be taken into account 
in the order in which they were granted, and the Fair Market Value of the 
Shares shall be determined as of the time of grant.


9. Restricted Stock.

(a) Grant of Restricted Stock. Subject to the terms and provisions of the 
Plan, the Administrator, at any time and from time to time, may grant 
Shares of Restricted Stock to Employees as the Administrator, in its sole 
discretion, shall determine. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, 
shall determine the number of Shares to be granted to each Participant, 
provided that during any Fiscal Year, no Participant shall receive more 
than a total of 300,000 Shares of Restricted Stock (and/or Restricted Stock 
Units); provided, however, that such limit shall be 600,000 Shares in the 
Participants first Fiscal Year of Company service.


(b) Restricted Stock Agreement. Each Award of Restricted Stock shall be 
evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify the Period of 
Restriction, the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and 
conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine. 
Unless the Administrator determines
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
otherwise, Shares of Restricted Stock shall be held by the Company as 
escrow agent until the restrictions on such Shares have lapsed.


(c) Transferability. Except as provided in this Section 9, Shares of 
Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or 
otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the applicable Period 
of Restriction.


(d) Other Restrictions. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may 
impose such other restrictions on Shares of Restricted Stock as it may deem 
advisable or appropriate, in accordance with this Section 9(d).

(i) General Restrictions. The Administrator may set restrictions based upon 
continued employment or service with the Company and its affiliates, the 
achievement of specific performance objectives (Company-wide, departmental, 
or individual), applicable federal or state securities laws, or any other 
basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion.


(ii) Section 162(m) Performance Restrictions. For purposes of qualifying 
grants of Restricted Stock as performance-based compensation under 
Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator, in its discretion, may set 
restrictions based upon the achievement of Performance Goals. The 
Performance Goals shall be set by the Administrator on or before the latest 
date permissible to enable the Restricted Stock to qualify as 
performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code. In 
granting Restricted Stock which is intended to qualify under Section 162(m) 
of the Code, the Administrator shall follow any procedures determined by it 
from time to time to be necessary or appropriate to ensure qualification of 
the Restricted Stock under Section 162(m) of the Code (e.g., in determining 
the Performance Goals).


(iii) Legend on Certificates. The Administrator, in its discretion, may 
legend the certificates representing Restricted Stock to give appropriate 
notice of such restrictions.


(e) Removal of Restrictions. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 
9, Shares of Restricted Stock covered by each Restricted Stock grant made 
under the Plan shall be released from escrow as soon as practicable after 
the last day of the Period of Restriction. The Administrator, in its 
discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions shall lapse 
or be removed. After the restrictions have lapsed, the Participant shall be 
entitled to have any legend or legends under Section 9(d)(iii) removed from 
his or her Share certificate, and the Shares shall be freely transferable 
by the Participant. The Administrator (in its discretion) may establish 
procedures regarding the release of Shares from escrow and the removal of 
legends, as necessary or appropriate to minimize administrative burdens on 
the Company.


(f) Voting Rights. During the Period of Restriction, Participants holding 
Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder may exercise full voting 
rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator determines 
otherwise.


(g) Dividends and Other Distributions. During the Period of Restriction, 
Participants holding Shares of Restricted Stock shall be entitled to 
receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to such 
Shares unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement. Any such dividends 
or distribution shall be subject to the same restrictions on 
transferability and forfeitability as the Shares of Restricted Stock with 
respect to which they were paid, unless otherwise provided in the Award 
Agreement.


(h) Return of Restricted Stock to the Company. On the date set forth in the 
Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for which restrictions have not 
lapsed shall revert to the Company and again shall become available for 
grant under the Plan.


10. Restricted Stock Units.


(a) Grant of Restricted Stock Units. Restricted Stock Units may be granted 
to Employees at any time and from time to time, as shall be determined by 
the Administrator, in its sole discretion. The Administrator shall
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
have complete discretion in determining the number of Restricted Stock 
Units granted to each Participant, provided that during any Fiscal Year, no 
Participant shall receive more than a total of 300,000 Restricted Stock 
Units (and/or Shares of Restricted Stock); provided, however, that such 
limit shall be 600,000 Restricted Stock Units in the Participants first 
Fiscal Year of Company service.


(b) Value of Restricted Stock Units. Each Restricted Stock Unit shall have 
an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Grant 
Date.


(c) Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Each Award of Restricted Stock Units 
shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify any vesting 
conditions, the number of Restricted Stock Units granted, and such other 
terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall 
determine.


(d) Performance Objectives and Other Terms. The Administrator, in its 
discretion, shall set performance objectives or other vesting criteria 
which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the 
number or value of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the 
Participants. Each Award of Restricted Stock Units shall be evidenced by an 
Award Agreement that shall specify the Performance Period, and such other 
terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall 
determine.


(i) General Performance Objectives or Vesting Criteria. The Administrator 
may set performance objectives or vesting criteria based upon the 
achievement of Company-wide, departmental, or individual goals, applicable 
federal or state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the 
Administrator in its discretion (for example, but not by way of limitation, 
continuous service as an Employee).


(ii) Section 162(m) Performance Objectives. For purposes of qualifying 
grants of Restricted Stock Units as performance-based compensation under 
Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator, in its discretion, may 
determine that the performance objectives applicable to Restricted Stock 
Units shall be based on the achievement of Performance Goals. The 
Performance Goals shall be set by the Administrator on or before the latest 
date permissible to enable the Restricted Stock Units to qualify as 
performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code. In 
granting Restricted Stock Units that are intended to qualify under Section 
162(m) of the Code, the Administrator shall follow any procedures 
determined by it from time to time to be necessary or appropriate to ensure 
qualification of the Restricted Stock Units under Section 162(m) of the 
Code (e.g., in determining the Performance Goals).


(e) Earning of Restricted Stock Units. After the applicable Performance 
Period has ended, the holder of Restricted Stock Units shall be entitled to 
receive a payout of the number of Restricted Stock Units earned by the 
Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of 
the extent to which the corresponding performance objectives have been 
achieved. After the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit, the Administrator, in 
its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objectives for 
such Restricted Stock Unit.


(f) Form and Timing of Payment of Restricted Stock Units. Payment of vested 
Restricted Stock Units shall be made as soon as practicable after vesting 
(subject to any deferral permitted under Section 18). The Administrator, in 
its sole discretion, may pay Restricted Stock Units in the form of cash, in 
Shares or in a combination thereof.


(g) Cancellation of Restricted Stock Units. On the date set forth in the 
Award Agreement, all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited to 
the Company and, except as otherwise determined by the Administrator, again 
shall be available for grant under the Plan.


11. Leaves of Absence. Unless the Administrator provides otherwise or 
except as otherwise required by Applicable Laws, vesting of Awards granted 
hereunder shall continue during any leave of absence approved by the 
Administrator.


12. Non-Transferability of Awards. Unless determined otherwise by the 
Administrator, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, 
transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime 
of the recipient, only by the recipient. If the Administrator makes an 
Award transferable, such Award shall contain such additional terms and 
conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate; provided, however, that 
such Award shall in no event be transferable for value. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, a Participant may, if the Administrator (in its discretion) so 
permits, transfer an Award to an individual or entity other than the 
Company. Any such transfer shall be made in accordance with such procedures 
as the Administrator may specify from time to time.


13. Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization.


(a) Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company, the 
number of Shares covered by each outstanding Award, the number of Shares 
which have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no 
Awards have yet been granted or which have been returned to the Plan upon 
cancellation or expiration of an Award, as well as the price per Share of 
Common Stock covered by each such outstanding Award and the 162(m) Fiscal 
Year share issuance limits under Sections 8(a), 9(a) and 10(a) hereof, 
shall be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the 
number of issued Shares resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, 
stock dividend, combination or reclassification of the Common Stock, or any 
other increase or decrease in the number of issued Shares effected without 
receipt of consideration by the Company; provided, however, that conversion 
of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed to have 
been effected without receipt of consideration. Such adjustment shall be 
made by the Compensation Committee, whose determination in that respect 
shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except as expressly provided 
herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or 
securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and 
no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number 
or price of shares of Common Stock subject to an Award.


(b) Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed dissolution or 
liquidation of the Company, the Administrator shall notify each Participant 
as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed 
transaction. The Administrator in its discretion may provide for a 
Participant to have the right to exercise his or her Award until ten (10) 
days prior to such transaction as to all of the Shares covered thereby, 
including Shares as to which the Award would not otherwise be exercisable. 
In addition, the Administrator may provide that any Company repurchase 
option or forfeiture rights applicable to any Award shall lapse 100%, and 
that any Award vesting shall accelerate 100%, provided the proposed 
dissolution or liquidation takes place at the time and in the manner 
contemplated. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, an Award 
will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed 
action.


(c) Change of Control. In the event of a Change of Control, each 
outstanding Award shall be assumed or an equivalent Award substituted by 
the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor 
corporation.


In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute 
for the Award, the Participant shall fully vest in and have the right to 
exercise all of his or her outstanding Options, including Shares as to 
which such Awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all 
restrictions on Restricted Stock will lapse, and, with respect to Awards 
with performance-based vesting, including but not limited to Restricted 
Stock and Restricted Stock Units, all performance goals or other vesting 
criteria will be deemed achieved at one hundred percent (100%) of target 
levels and all other terms and conditions met. In addition, if an Option is 
not assumed or substituted in the event of a Change of Control, the 
Administrator shall notify the Participant in writing or electronically 
that the Option shall be fully vested and exercisable for a period of 
fifteen (15) days from the date of such notice, and the Option shall 
terminate upon the expiration of such period.


For the purposes of this paragraph, an Award shall be considered assumed 
if, following the Change of Control, the Award confers the right to 
purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior 
to the Change of Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other 
securities or property) received in the Change of Control by holders of 
Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of 
consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding 
Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received in the 
Change of Control is not solely common stock of the successor corporation 
or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor 
corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise 
of an Option or upon the payout of the Restricted Stock Unit Award, for 
each Share subject to the Award, to be solely common stock of the successor 
corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share 
consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the Change of Control.


Notwithstanding anything in this Section 13(c) to the contrary, an Award 
that vests, is earned or paid-out upon the satisfaction of one or more 
performance goals will not be considered assumed if the Company or its 
successor modifies any of such performance goals without the Participants 
consent; provided, however, a modification to such performance goals only 
to reflect the successor corporations post-Change of Control corporate 
structure will not be deemed to invalidate an otherwise valid Award 
assumption.


14. Amendment and Termination of the Plan.


(a) Amendment and Termination. The Board may at any time amend, alter, 
suspend or terminate the Plan; provided, however, that the Board may not 
materially amend the Plan without obtaining stockholder approval. For this 
purpose, the following shall be considered material amendments requiring 
stockholder approval: (i) increasing the benefits accruing to Plan 
participants, (ii) increasing the number of Shares that may be issued under 
the Plan (other than in accordance with Section 13(a) hereof), (iii) 
modifying the requirements for participation under the Plan or (iv) as 
otherwise may be required by Applicable Laws.


(b) Stockholder Approval. The Company shall obtain stockholder approval of 
any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with 
Applicable Laws. Such stockholder approval, if required, shall be obtained 
in such a manner and to such a degree as is required by the applicable law, 
rule or regulation.


(c) Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment, alteration, 
suspension or termination of the Plan shall impair the rights of any 
Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and 
the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing (or electronic 
format) and signed by the Participant and the Company.


15. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares.


(a) Legal Compliance. Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the exercise 
of an Award unless the exercise of such Award and the issuance and delivery 
of such Shares shall comply with Applicable Laws and shall be further 
subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such 
compliance.


(b) Investment Representations. As a condition to the exercise or receipt 
of Shares pursuant to an Award, the Company may require the person 
exercising or receiving Shares pursuant to an Award to represent and 
warrant at the time of any such exercise or receipt that the Shares are 
being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to 
sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the 
Company, such a representation is required.


16. Liability of Company.


(a) Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain 
authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is 
deemed by the Companys counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and 
sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in 
respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such 
requisite authority shall not have been obtained.


(b) Grants Exceeding Allotted Shares. If the Shares covered by an Award 
exceed, as of the Date of Grant, the number of Shares which may be issued 
under the Plan without additional stockholder approval, such
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Award shall be void with respect to such excess Shares, unless stockholder 
approval of an amendment sufficiently increasing the number of Shares 
subject to the Plan is timely obtained in accordance with Section 14(b) of 
the Plan.


17. Reservation of Shares. The Company, during the term of this Plan, will 
at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be 
sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.


18. Deferrals. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may permit a 
Participant to defer receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of 
Shares that would otherwise be due to such Participant under an Award. Any 
such deferral elections shall be subject to such rules and procedures as 
shall be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion.


19. Participation. No Employee shall have the right to be selected to 
receive an Award under this Plan, or, having been so selected, to be 
selected to receive a future Award.


20. No Rights as Stockholder. Except to the limited extent provided in 
Section 9(f), no Participant (nor any beneficiary) shall have any of the 
rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company with respect to any 
Shares issuable pursuant to an Award (or exercise thereof), unless and 
until certificates representing such Shares shall have been issued, 
recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or 
registrars, and delivered to the Participant (or beneficiary).


21. Withholding Requirements. Prior to the delivery of any Shares or cash 
pursuant to an Award (or exercise thereof), the Company shall have the 
power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to 
remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, local 
and foreign taxes (including the Participants FICA obligation) required to 
be withheld with respect to such Award (or exercise thereof). 
Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan, if a Participant fails 
to remit to the Company such withholding amount within the time period 
specified by the Administrator (in its discretion), the Participants Award 
may, in the Administrators discretion, be forfeited and in such case the 
Participant shall not receive any of the Shares subject to such Award.


22. Withholding Arrangements. The Administrator, in its sole discretion and 
pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit 
or require a Participant to satisfy all or part of the tax withholding 
obligations in connection with an Award by (a) having the Company withhold 
otherwise deliverable Shares, or (b) delivering to the Company 
already-owned Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount 
required to be withheld. The amount so withheld shall not exceed the amount 
determined by using the minimum federal, state, local or foreign 
jurisdiction statutory withholding rates applicable to the Participant with 
respect to the Award on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is 
to be determined. The Fair Market Value of the Shares to be withheld or 
delivered shall be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to 
be withheld.


23. Indemnification. Each person who is or shall have been a member of the 
Committee, or of the Board, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the 
Company against and from (a) any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may 
be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or 
resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she 
may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any 
action taken or failure to act under the Plan or any Award Agreement, and 
(b) from any and all amounts paid by him or her in settlement thereof, with 
the Companys approval, or paid by him or her in satisfaction of any 
judgment in any such claim, action, suit, or proceeding against him or her, 
provided he or she shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own 
expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to 
handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of 
indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of 
indemnification to which such persons may be entitled under the Companys 
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, by contract, as a matter of law, or 
otherwise, or under any power that the Company may have to indemnify them 
or hold them harmless.


24. Successors. All obligations of the Company under the Plan, with respect 
to Awards granted hereunder, shall be binding on any successor to the 
Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or 
substantially all of the business or assets of the Company.


25. Gender and Number. Except where otherwise indicated by the context, any 
masculine term used herein also shall include the feminine; the plural 
shall include the singular and the singular shall include the plural.


26. Severability. In the event any provision of the Plan shall be held 
illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not 
affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan shall be construed and 
enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included.


27. Governing Law. The Plan and all Award Agreements shall be construed in 
accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of California (with 
the exception of its conflict of laws provisions).


28. Captions. Captions are provided herein for convenience only, and shall 
not serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of the Plan.
 
14