 EX-10.60 31 aquatic_ex1060.txt EXHIBIT 10.60 Exhibit 10.60 LETTER 
AGREEMENT BETWEEN; UNITED BUSINESS ASSOCIATES and it's two partners 
thereof, namely; LONNIE HAYWARD, a resident of 7120 205 Street, Langley, 
BC., Canada, V2Y 1T1 SHERIDAN WESTGARDE, a resident of 744 Mobley Road, 
Tappen, BC., Canada., V0E 2X0 AND, AQUATIC CELLULOSE INTERNATIONAL CORP, a 
Nevada Corporation in good standing and publicly traded on the Pink Sheet 
trading exchange. I Lonnie Hayward agree to accept the amount of TWO 
HUNDRED TEN THOUSAND EIGHT HUNDRED FORTY FIVE (210,845) Series A 
Convertible Preferred shares of Aquatic Cellulose International Corp, as 
complete compensation for my fifty percent (50%) interest in the note owed 
to United Business Associates, a company owned by myself and Mr. Sheridan 
Westgarde, as recorded in the Company's accounts in Notes Payable, as of 
March 31, 2007. I acknowledge the value of these shares has been calculated 
based on the April 20, 2007, market price of $0.022 in accord with the 
following formula; - (($226,362.97 / $0.0088 [60% discount to the April 20, 
2007 market price of $0.022]) / 61) / 2 = 210,845 I acknowledge that 
further dilution of the Company's common stock that will occur as a result 
of the conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will likely 
result in a corresponding reduction in the market price of the stock. I 
recognize that my Series A Convertible Preferred shares will bear all the 
rights and privileges as set forth in the Certificate of Designation filed 
with the Nevada Secretary of State and included as "Exhibit A" to this 
letter agreement. I Sheridan Westgarde agree to accept the amount of TWO 
HUNDRED TEN THOUSAND EIGHT HUNDRED FORTY FIVE (210,845) Series A 
Convertible Preferred shares of Aquatic Cellulose International Corp, as 
complete compensation for my fifty percent (50%) interest in the note owed 
to United Business Associates, a company owned by myself and Mr. Lonnie 
Hayward, as recorded in the Company's accounts in Notes Payable, as of 
March 31, 2007. I acknowledge the value of these shares has been calculated 
based on the April 20, 2007, market price of $0.022 in accord with the 
following formula; - (($226,362.97 / $0.0088 [60% discount to the April 20, 
2007 market price of $0.022]) / 61) / 2 = 210,845 I acknowledge that 
further dilution of the Company's common stock that will occur as a result 
of the conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will likely 
result in a corresponding reduction in the market price of the stock. I 
recognize that my Series A Convertible Preferred shares will bear all the 
rights and privileges as set forth in the Certificate of Designation filed 
with the Nevada Secretary of State and included as "Exhibit A" to this 
letter agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE EFFECTIVE AS 
OF April 20, 2007. EXECUTED THIS 20 DAY OF APRIL, 2007. AQUATIC CELLULOSE 
LONNIE HAYWARD INTERNATIONAL CORP /S/ Lonnie Hayward /S/ Sheridan Westgarde 
-------------------------- ---------------------------- Lonnie Hayward 
Sheridan B. Westgarde, CEO SHERIDAN WESTGARDE /S/ Sheridan Westgarde 
-------------------------- Sheridan Westgarde