 EX-10.4 3 f35573exv10w4.htm EXHIBIT 10.4


 

Exhibit 10.4


FIRST AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

     THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT (this First 
Amendment) is made as of Oct 23, 2007, by and among AMB JAPAN FINANCE 
Y.K., as Initial Borrower (the Initial Borrower), each Qualified Borrower 
listed on the signature pages hereto (each of the Initial Borrower and each 
Qualified Borrower, collectively, Borrower), AMB PROPERTY, L.P., as 
Guarantor (AMB LP), AMB PROPERTY CORPORATION, as Guarantor (AMB 
Corporation and together with AMB LP, the Guarantors), the Alternate 
Currency Banks (as hereinafter defined), SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING 
CORPORATION, as Administrative Agent.


W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, each of Borrower, the Guarantors and the Banks (as in the 
Credit Agreement) are party to that certain Amended and Restated Revolving 
Credit Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2006 (as the same may be amended, 
modified, extended or restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement); 
and

     WHEREAS, the parties desire to modify the Credit Agreement upon the 
terms and conditions set forth herein.

     NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties do hereby agree 
as follows:

     1. Definitions. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein 
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement.

     2. Amendment to Defined Terms. (a) Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement 
is hereby amended by adding the following new defined terms in the 
appropriate alphabetical order:

          Alternate Currency Advances means the RMB Advances.

          Alternate Currency Bank means any Bank that is a party to the 
RMB Credit Agreement.

          Alternate Currency Borrower means any RMB Borrower.

          Alternate Currency Borrower Default means any RMB Borrower 
Default.

          Alternate Currency Borrower Event of Default means any RMB 
Borrower Event of Default.

          Alternate Currency Collateral means RMB Collateral.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Alternate Currency Commitment means the RMB Commitment.

     Alternate Currency Commitment Proportion means the RMB Commitment 
Proportion.

     Alternate Currency Event of Default means an RMB Event of Default.

     Alternate Currency Facility means the credit facility contemplated 
by the RMB Loan Documents.

     Alternate Currency Letters of Credit means RMB Letters of Credit.

     Alternate Currency Letters of Credit Usage means the RMB Letter of 
Credit Usage.

     Alternate Currency Loan Documents means RMB Loan Documents.

     Immediate Alternate Currency Event of Default means any RMB Event of 
Default described in Clause 11.1(v), (vi) or (vii).

     Initial RMB Borrower means Wealth Zipper (Shanghai) Property 
Development Co., Ltd.

     Majority Alternate Currency Banks means the Majority RMB Lenders.

     Majority RMB Lenders has the meaning set forth in the RMB Loan 
Agreement.

     Reallocation Borrowing has the meaning set forth in Section 4(d) of 
the First Amendment.

     RMB Advances has the meaning set forth in the RMB Credit Agreement.

     RMB Borrower has the meaning set forth in the RMB Credit Agreement.

     RMB Borrower Default has the meaning set forth in the RMB Credit 
Agreement.

     RMB Borrower Event of Default has the meaning set forth in the RMB 
Credit Agreement.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     RMB Collateral has the meaning set forth in the RMB Credit 
Agreement.

     RMB Commitment has the meaning set forth in the RMB Credit 
Agreement.

     RMB Commitment Proportion has the meaning set forth in the RMB 
Credit Agreement.

     RMB Credit Agreement means that certain RMB Revolving Credit 
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the RMB Borrower, the RMB 
Lenders and the RMB Administrative Agent, which agreement is attached 
hereto as Exhibit A, as the same may be modified, amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time.

     RMB Event of Default has the meaning set forth in the RMB Credit 
Agreement.

     RMB Lenders has the meaning set forth in the RMB Credit Agreement.

     RMB Letters of Credit has the meaning set forth in the RMB Credit 
Agreement.

     RMB Letters of Credit Usage has the meaning set forth in the RMB 
Credit Agreement.

     RMB Loan Documents has the meaning set forth in the RMB Credit 
Agreement.

   (b) Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting 
the existing definitions and replacing the same with the following 
definitions:

     Credit Party means any of Borrower, a Guarantor or an Alternate 
Currency Borrower, and Credit Parties shall mean Borrower, Guarantors and 
Alternate Currency Borrower, collectively.

     Default means any Guarantor Default, Borrower Default or any 
Alternate Currency Borrower Default.

     Event of Default means any Guarantor Event of Default, Borrower 
Event of Default or Alternate Currency Borrower Event of Default.

     GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles recognized as 
such in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board 
and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the 
Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such 
other entity as may be approved by a

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

significant segment of the accounting profession, which are applicable to 
the circumstances as of the date of determination, provided that, with 
respect to any RMB Borrower, GAAP shall mean the International Financial 
Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

          Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Notes, the Guaranty, 
the Qualified Borrower Joinder Agreement, the Ratifications, the Letter(s) 
of Credit, the Letter of Credit Documents, the Security Documents and the 
Alternate Currency Loan Documents.

          3. RMB Credit Facility. As contemplated by Section 9.5(c) of the 
Credit Agreement, the Initial RMB Borrower and the RMB Lenders have entered 
into the RMB Credit Agreement pursuant to which the RMB Borrower will have 
the right, at its option, to make borrowings (including RMB Letters of 
Credit), and the RMB Lenders will fund such borrowings, denominated in 
Chinese Renminbi in amounts of up to 500,000,000 Chinese Renminbi, which 
borrowings shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth 
therein and the proceeds of which shall be used in accordance with the 
terms thereof.

4. Alternate Currency Borrowings.

          (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the 
Loan Documents and/or the Alternate Currency Loan Documents, in no event 
shall the aggregate amount of outstanding Loans at any time plus the 
outstanding amount of the Letter of Credit Usage plus the Yen equivalent 
amount of outstanding Alternate Currency Advances plus the Yen equivalent 
of the outstanding amount of the Alternate Currency Letters of Credit 
Usage, exceed the Facility Amount, and the Credit Parties shall not 
request, and the Banks shall not make, any Loan (or make any Letters of 
Credit available) or Alternate Currency Advance (or make any Alternate 
Currency Letters of Credit available) if, after giving effect to the making 
of such Loan, Letters of Credit, Alternate Currency Advance or Alternate 
Currency Letters of Credit, the aggregate amount of all outstanding Loans 
and Letters of Credit Usage and the Yen equivalent amount of all 
outstanding Alternate Currency Advances and Alternate Currency Letters of 
Credit Usage would exceed the Facility Amount.

          (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the 
Loan Documents and/or the Alternate Currency Loan Documents, in no event 
shall any Alternate Currency Bank be required to fund any Loans (or 
participate in any Letters of Credit) or any Alternate Currency Advances 
(or participate in any Alternate Currency Letters of Credit) if, after 
giving effect to the same, the Alternate Currency Banks share of 
outstanding Loans (including its Pro Rata Share of any Letters of Credit 
Usage) plus the Alternate Currency Banks share of the Yen equivalent 
amount of outstanding Alternate Currency Advances and outstanding Alternate 
Currency Letters of Credit Usage exceeds its Commitment.

          (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Article 
II of the Credit Agreement, to the extent that, as a result of its 
outstanding Alternate Currency

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Advances or participations in Alternate Currency Letters of Credit, any 
Alternate Currency Bank cannot fund its full Pro Rata Share of any 
Borrowing (or purchase a participation in any Letter of Credit up to its 
full Pro Rate Share), such Alternate Currency Bank shall fund a share of 
such Borrowing (or purchase a participation in such Letter of Credit) up to 
the amount of its then available Commitment, if any, and, in such event, 
each of the remaining Banks whose Commitments have not yet been reached 
shall fund the remaining amount of such Borrowing (or purchase additional 
participations in the remaining amount of such Letter of Credit) on a pro 
rata basis only among such remaining Banks.

          (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Article 
II of the Credit Agreement, to the extent that, as a result of its 
outstanding Committed Loans and participations in Letters of Credit, any 
Alternate Currency Bank (the Participating Banks) cannot fund its full 
Alternate Currency Commitment Proportion of any Alternate Currency Advance 
(or purchase a participation in any Alternate Currency Letter of Credit up 
to its full Alternate Currency Commitment Proportion) under the Alternate 
Currency Loan Documents, then, at Guarantors option, either (A) the 
Borrower or Borrowers designated by Guarantor shall be deemed to have 
timely given a Notice of Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Credit 
Agreement to the Administrative Agent, requesting a Borrowing (and all 
other conditions to such Borrowing shall be deemed waived or satisfied) (a 
Reallocation Borrowing) of TIBOR Loans on the date on which such 
Alternate Currency Advance is to be funded or Alternate Currency Letter of 
Credit is to be issued from the Banks that are not participating in such 
Alternate Currency Advance or Alternate Currency Letter of Credit (the 
Non-Participating Banks) (pro rata) and in an amount which is the lesser 
of (i) the aggregate amount of each Participating Banks share (the 
Commitment Shortfall) of such Alternate Currency Advance (or participation 
in such Alternate Currency Letter of Credit) which exceeds its available 
Alternate Currency Commitment and (ii) the aggregate amount of available 
Commitments of the Non-Participating Banks, or (B) the participations of 
the Banks under the outstanding Letter of Credit or Letters of Credit 
designated by Borrower shall be reallocated to reduce the participation of 
each Participating Bank in such Letters of Credit by an amount equal to its 
Commitment Shortfall and increase the amount of the participations of the 
Non-Participating Banks (pro rata) by an aggregate amount equal to the 
aggregate Commitment Shortfalls. The proceeds of such Reallocation 
Borrowing shall be used to repay existing Borrowings of such Participating 
Banks, in order to permit such Participating Banks to participate to the 
fullest extent possible in such Alternate Currency Advance or Alternate 
Currency Letter of Credit.

          5. Organizational Chart. The attached Exhibit I shall replace 
Exhibit I to the Credit Agreement and is a true, correct and complete (up 
to the tiers shown) organizational and transaction structure chart for the 
Initial Borrower and, as of the date hereof, the Qualified Borrowers and 
the Alternative Currency Borrowers.

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          6. Mandatory Prepayments. Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement 
shall be amended such that the current paragraph shall be subsection (a) 
and the following shall be inserted as subsection (b):

If at any time the Yen equivalent of the sum of (i) the aggregate amount 
of outstanding Loans plus the outstanding amount of the Letter of Credit 
Usage plus the Yen equivalent amount of outstanding Alternate Currency 
Advances plus the Yen equivalent of the outstanding amount of the Alternate 
Currency Letters of Credit Usage, so determined by the Administrative 
Agent, in the aggregate, exceeds 105% of the Facility Amount, Guarantors, 
within three (3) Business Days after notice thereof from the Administrative 
Agent, shall repay (and cause the applicable Borrowers to repay) all or a 
portion of such Loans (or reduce the amount of outstanding Letters of 
Credit) or Alternate Currency Advances (or reduce the amount of outstanding 
Alternate Currency Letters of Credit), otherwise in accordance with the 
applicable terms of this Agreement, in such amount so that, following the 
making of any such payment or reduction, the Yen equivalent outstanding of 
such Loans, Letter of Credit Usage, Alternate Currency Advances and 
Alternate Currency Letters of Credit do not exceed the Facility Amount.

          7. Additional Covenants. Section 5.1(k) of the Credit Agreement 
shall be deleted and the following inserted in lieu thereof:

(k) annually, unaudited financial information for each Credit Party 
(excluding the Guarantors) prepared by such Credit Party in the ordinary 
course of business, together with notice from each Credit Party of any 
disposition or transfer by such Credit Party of any real estate asset to an 
Affiliate of AMB LP during the prior year; and

          8. Events of Default/Rights and Remedies with Respect to 
Alternative Currency Borrower Event of Default. Section 6.2 of the Credit 
Agreement shall be amended such that the current paragraph shall be 
subsection (a) and the following shall be inserted as subsection (b):

(b) Upon the occurrence of any Immediate Alternate Currency Event of 
Default with respect to any Alternate Currency Borrower, the Administrative 
Agent shall have the right to immediately make a claim under the Guaranty 
for, and demand payment by the Guarantors of, the unpaid principal amount 
of, and any and all accrued interest on, the Alternate Currency Advances 
made to such defaulting Alternative Currency Borrower and any and all 
accrued

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

fees and other Obligations of such defaulting Alternate Currency Borrower 
under the applicable Alternate Currency Loan Documents, with all additional 
interest from time to time accrued thereon (the Defaulting Alternate 
Currency Borrowers Outstanding Obligations) (it being agreed that the 
Guarantors obligations are primary and shall be enforceable against each 
Guarantor and its respective successors and assigns without the necessity 
for any suit or proceeding of any kind or nature whatsoever brought by the 
Administrative Agent or any of the Alternative Currency Banks against the 
defaulting Alternative Currency Borrower); and upon the occurrence and 
during the continuance of any other Alternate Currency Borrower Event of 
Default, the Administrative Agent, following consultation with the 
Alternate Currency Banks that have made Alternate Currency Advances to the 
defaulting Alternate Currency Borrower, may (and upon the demand of the 
applicable Majority Alternate Currency Banks shall), by written notice to 
such defaulting Alternate Currency Borrower and each Guarantor and 
acceleration of the Defaulting Alternate Currency Borrowers Outstanding 
Obligations under the applicable Alternate Currency Loan Documents, 
immediately make a claim under the Guaranty for, and demand payment by, the 
Guarantors of the Defaulting Alternate Currency Borrowers Outstanding 
Obligations (it being agreed that the Guarantors obligations are primary 
and shall be enforceable against each Guarantor and its respective 
successors and assigns without the necessity for any suit or proceeding of 
any kind or nature whatsoever brought by the Administrative Agent or any of 
the Alternate Currency Banks against the defaulting Alternate Currency 
Borrower).

          9. Rights and Remedies. Section 6.4 of the Credit Agreement shall 
be deleted and the following shall be inserted in lieu thereof:

Upon the occurrence of any Guarantor Event of Default described in Sections 
6.3(f), (g), (o), (q) or (r), the Commitments shall immediately terminate 
and the unpaid principal amount of, and any and all accrued interest on, 
the Loans, the Alternate Currency Advances and any and all accrued fees and 
other Obligations hereunder and/or under the other Loan Documents shall 
automatically become immediately due and payable, with all additional 
interest from time to time accrued thereon and without presentation, 
demand, or protest or other requirements of any kind

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

(including, without limitation, valuation and appraisement, diligence, 
presentment, notice of intent to demand or accelerate and notice of 
acceleration), all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Credit 
Parties; and upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any other 
Guarantor Event of Default, the Administrative Agent, following 
consultation with the Banks, may (and upon the demand of the Majority Banks 
shall), by written notice to the Credit Parties, in addition to the 
exercise of all of the rights and remedies permitted the Administrative 
Agent and the Banks at law or equity, hereunder or under any of the other 
Loan Documents, declare that the Commitments are terminated and declare the 
unpaid principal amount of and any and all accrued and unpaid interest on 
the Loans, the Alternate Currency Advances and any and all accrued fees and 
other Obligations hereunder and/or under the other Loan Documents to be, 
and the same shall thereupon be, immediately due and payable with all 
additional interest from time to time accrued thereon and (except as 
otherwise provided in the Loan Documents) without presentation, demand, or 
protest or other requirements of any kind (including, without limitation, 
valuation and appraisement, diligence, presentment, notice of intent to 
demand or accelerate and notice of acceleration), all of which are hereby 
expressly waived by the Credit Parties.

          10. Distributions of Proceeds after Default. Section 6.8 of the 
Credit Agreement shall be deleted and the following shall be inserted in 
lieu thereof:

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary but subject to 
the provisions of Section 9.16 hereof (and the corresponding section of any 
Alternate Currency Loan Document), from and after an Event of Default, to 
the extent proceeds are received by Administrative Agent pursuant to 
Section 6.2 or 6.4, with respect to amounts collected under Section 6.2(a) 
or 6.4 hereof, such proceeds will be distributed to the Banks pro rata in 
accordance with the unpaid principal amount of the Loans (giving effect to 
any participations granted therein pursuant to Section 2.5(b) and Section 
9.4) and, with respect to amounts collected under Section 6.2(b) or 6.4 
hereof, such proceeds will be distributed to the applicable Alternate 
Currency Banks pro rata in accordance with the unpaid principal amount of 
the Alternate Currency Advances of the defaulting Alternate Currency 
Borrower.

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          11. Notices. Section 9.1 is amended to add the following 
sentence:

Any party may from time to time, by not less than five (5) Business Days 
prior written notice to the other party given as above set forth, change 
its address for purposes of receipt of any such Notice.

          12. Effective Date. This First Amendment shall become effective 
upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of counterparts hereof signed by 
Borrower, the Guarantors and the Alternate Currency Banks.

          13. Reaffirmation and Acknowledgment. Each of Borrower and the 
Guarantors hereby (a) reaffirms and admits the validity and enforceability 
of the Loan Documents and all of the obligations of Borrower and the 
Guarantors thereunder, (b) agrees and admits that the Borrower and the 
Guarantors have no defenses to or offsets against any such obligations, and 
(c) certifies that, following the execution and delivery of this First 
Amendment by each of Borrower, the Guarantors and the Banks, (i) no Default 
or Event of Default shall exist, and (ii) the representations and 
warranties contained in the Loan Documents, as amended hereby, are true and 
correct in all material respects on the date hereof (other than 
representations and warranties which expressly speak as of a different 
date).

          14. Entire Agreement. The Credit Agreement as amended by this 
First Amendment and the Alternate Currency Loan Documents constitutes the 
entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject 
matter hereof and there are no other agreements, understandings, 
undertakings, representations or warranties among the parties hereto with 
respect to the subject matter hereof except as set forth herein.

          15. Governing Law. This First Amendment shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.

          16. Counterparts. This First Amendment may be executed in any 
number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one 
and the same agreement, and any of the parties hereto may execute this 
Amendment by signing any such counterpart.

          17. Headings, Etc. Section or other headings contained in this 
First Amendment are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way 
affect the meaning or interpretation of this First Amendment.

          18. No Further Modifications. Except as modified herein, all of 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, as modified hereby shall 
remain in full force and effect and, as modified hereby, the Borrower 
confirms and ratifies all of the terms, covenants and conditions of the 
Credit Agreement in all respects.

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement 
to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day 
and year first above written.
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	INITIAL BORROWER: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	AMB JAPAN FINANCE Y.K., a Japan kabushiki kaisha 	  	 
 
 
  	By: 	  	 [(Stamp)] 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Name: [(CHINESE CHARACTERS)] 	  	 
  	  	Title: Director 	  	 
  	  	[SEAL] 	  	 


[Signature Page to First Amendment to JPY Credit Agreement]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	GUARANTORS: 	  	 
 
  	  	AMB PROPERTY, L.P., a Delaware
limited partnership 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: AMB PROPERTY 	  	 
  	  	CORPORATION, a Maryland
corporation and its sole general partner 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	/s/ Tracy Abels 	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name:  	Tracy Abels 	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	Vice President      	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	AMB PROPERTY CORPORATION, a
Maryland
corporation 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	/s/ Tracy Abels 	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	Tracy Abels 	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	Vice President 	  	  	 


[Signature Page to First Amendment to JPY Credit Agreement]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	QUALIFIED BORROWERS: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	AMB AMAGASAKI 2 TMK 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	[(SEAL)]
 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name:
Title: 	  	[(CHINESE CHARACTERS)] 	 
 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	AMB NARITA 2 TMK 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	[(SEAL)]
 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name:
Title: 	  	[(CHINESE CHARACTERS)] 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	AMB JAPAN FINANCE 2 Y.K. 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	[(SEAL)]
 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name:
Title: 	  	[(CHINESE CHARACTERS)] 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	AMB SHIOHAMA TMK 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	[(SEAL)]
 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name:
Title: 	  	[(CHINESE CHARACTERS)] 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	AMB SHINKIBA TMK, 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	[(SEAL)]
 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name:
Title: 	  	[(CHINESE CHARACTERS)] 	 


[Signature Page to First Amendment to JPY Credit Agreement]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	AMB TSURUMI TMK, 	  	 
 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	[(Stamp)]
 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name:
Title: 	  	[(Singnature)] 	 
  	  	AMB NARITA 1-2 TMK 	  	 
 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	[(Stamp)]
 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name:
Title: 	  	[(Singnature)] 	 
  	  	AMB KASUGAI 2 TMK 	  	 
 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	[(Stamp)]
 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name:
Title: 	  	[(Singnature)] 	 
  	  	AMB NANKO NAKA TMK 	  	 
 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	[(Stamp)]
 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name:
Title: 	  	[(Singnature)] 	 


[Signature Page to First Amendment to JPY Credit Agreement]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	AMB FUNABASHI 5 TMK 	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	[(SEAL)]
 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name:
Title: 	  	[(CHINESE CHARACTERS)] 	 


[Signature Page to First Amendment to JPY Credit Agreement]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION,
as Administrative Agent and an Alternate Currency Bank 	  	 
 
 
  	By: 	/s/ William M. Ginn 	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name:  	William M. Ginn 	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	General Manager 	  	  	 


[Signature Page to First Amendment to JPY Credit Agreement]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
  	THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, TOKYO BRANCH,
as an Alternate Currency Bank
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ William G. Said   	 
  	Name:  	   	William G. Said  	 
  	Title:  	   	Vice President & Country Head  	 
 


[Signature Page to First Amendment to JPY Credit Agreement]

 