 EX-10.5 7 exh10-5_15497.txt REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT EXHIBIT 10.5 
------------ REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT This Registration Rights 
Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of this 13 day of 
November, 2007 by and between RedRoller Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Aslahan 
Enterprises Ltd.), a Delaware corporation ("Pubco" or the "Company"), and 
the parties set forth on the signature pages and Exhibit A hereto (each, a 
"Purchaser" and collectively, the "Purchasers"). RECITALS WHEREAS, on the 
date hereof, Pubco, RedRoller, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("RedRoller"), 
and RedRoller Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Pubco (the "Acquisition Sub"), have entered into an Agreement 
and Plan of Merger, pursuant to which Acquisition Sub has merged with and 
into RedRoller such that RedRoller is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco 
(the "Merger"); and WHEREAS, to provide the capital required by Pubco for 
working capital purposes, Pubco is offering to accredited investors in a 
private placement transaction (the "Offering") in compliance with Rule 506 
of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"), up to 2,352,941 units (each, a "Unit") at a purchase price of $3.40 
per Unit (the "Purchase Price"), each Unit consisting of (i) four shares 
(the "Shares") of Pubco's common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the 
"Common Stock"), and (ii) one warrant in the form attached as EXHIBIT B 
hereto exercisable to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of 
$1.70 per share for 60 months after the closing of the Merger (each, a 
"Warrant" and together with the Shares, the "Underlying Securities") upon 
the terms and conditions and subject to the provisions hereinafter set 
forth; and WHEREAS, each Purchaser, in connection with its intent to 
purchase Units in the Offering, has executed and delivered a Subscription 
Agreement (as hereinafter defined) and a Confidential Investor 
Questionnaire (the "Investor Questionnaire") memorializing such Purchaser's 
agreement to purchase and the Company's agreement to sell the number of 
Units set forth therein at the Purchase Price, and this Agreement, pursuant 
to which the Company will provide certain registration rights related to 
the Underlying Securities on the terms set forth herein (the Subscription 
Agreement, Investor Questionnaire and this Agreement are collectively 
referred to as the "Transaction Documents"). NOW, THEREFORE, in 
consideration of the mutual promises, representations, warranties, 
covenants, and conditions set forth herein, the parties mutually agree as 
follows: 1. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement, the following 
terms shall have the following respective meanings: "Approved Market" means 
the NASD Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board, the Nasdaq National Market, the 
Nasdaq Capital Market, the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. or the American 
Stock Exchange, Inc. "Pubco" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of 
this Agreement. "Blackout Period" means, with respect to a registration, a 
period, in each case commencing on the day immediately after the Company 
notifies the Purchasers that they are required, because of the occurrence 
of an event of the kind described in Section 4(f) hereof, to suspend offers 
and sales of Registrable Securities during which the Company, in the good 
faith judgment of its board of directors, determines (because of the 
existence of, or in anticipation of, any acquisition, financing activity, 
or other transaction involving the Company, or the unavailability for 
reasons beyond the Company's control of any required financial statements, 
disclosure of information which is in its best interest not to publicly 
disclose, or any other event or condition of similar significance to the 
Company) that the registration and distribution of the Registrable 
Securities to be covered by such registration statement, if any, would be 
seriously detrimental to the Company and its stockholders and ending on the 
earlier of (1) the date upon which the material non-public information 
commencing the Blackout Period is disclosed to the public or ceases to be 
material and (2) such time as the Company notifies the selling Holders that 
the Company will no longer delay such filing of the Registration Statement, 
recommence taking steps to make such Registration Statement effective, or 
allow sales pursuant to such Registration Statement to resume; PROVIDED, 
HOWEVER, that (a) the Company shall limit its use of Blackout Periods, in 
the aggregate, to 30 Trading Days in any 12-month period and (b) no 
Blackout Period may commence sooner than 60 days after the end of a prior 
Blackout Period. "Business Day" means any day of the year, other than a 
Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which the Commission is required or 
authorized to close. "Closing Date" means the date of the Closing of the 
Offering, as determined by Pubco and the Purchasers. "Commission" means the 
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal agency at the time 
administering the Securities Act. "Common Stock" means the common stock, 
par value $0.001 per share, of Pubco and any and all shares of capital 
stock or other equity securities of: (i) the Company which are added to or 
exchanged or substituted for the Common Stock by reason of the declaration 
of any stock dividend or stock split, the issuance of any distribution or 
the reclassification, readjustment, recapitalization or other such 
modification of the capital structure of the Company; and (ii) any other 
corporation, now or hereafter organized under the laws of any state or 
other governmental authority, with which the Company is merged, which 
results from any consolidation or reorganization to which the Company is a 
party, or to which is sold all or substantially all of the shares or assets 
of the Company, if immediately after such merger, consolidation, 
reorganization or sale, the Company or the stockholders of the Company own 
equity securities having in the aggregate more than 50% of the total voting 
power of such other corporation. "Exchange Act" means the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the 
Commission promulgated thereunder. "Family Member" means (a) with respect 
to any individual, such individual's spouse, any descendants (whether 
natural or adopted), any trust all of the beneficial interests of which are 
owned by any of such individuals or by any of such individuals together 
with any organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the estate of any such individual, and 
any corporation, association, partnership or limited liability company all 
of the equity interests of which are owned by those above described 
individuals, trusts or organizations and (b) with respect to any trust, the 
owners of the beneficial interests of such trust. "Holder" means each 
Purchaser or any of such Purchaser's respective successors and Permitted 
Assignees who acquire rights in accordance with this Agreement with respect 
to the Registrable Securities directly or indirectly from a Purchaser or 
from any Permitted Assignee. "Investor Questionnaire" has the meaning set 
forth in the Recitals of this Agreement. "Majority Holders" means at any 
time Holders representing a majority of the Registrable Securities. 
"Merger" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement. 
"Offering" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement. 
"Permitted Assignee" means (a) with respect to a partnership, its partners 
or former partners in accordance with their partnership interests, (b) with 
respect to a corporation, its stockholders in accordance with their 
interest in the corporation, (c) with respect to a limited liability 
company, its members or former members in accordance with their interest in 
the limited liability company, (d) with respect to an individual party, any 
Family Member of such party, (e) an entity that is controlled by, controls, 
or is under common control with a transferor or (f) a party to this 
Agreement. "Piggyback Registration" means, in any registration of Common 
Stock as set forth in Section 3(b) hereof, the ability of holders of Common 
Stock to include Registrable Securities in such registration. "Pubco" has 
the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement. "Purchase Price" 
means the Purchase Price per Share set forth in the Subscription Agreement. 
"Purchased Securities" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this 
Agreement. "RedRoller" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this 
Agreement. The terms "register," "registered," and "registration" refer to 
a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement in 
compliance with the Securities Act, and the declaration or ordering of the 
effectiveness of such registration statement. "Registrable Securities" 
means the Shares, the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable from time 
to time upon the exercise of the Warrants, and the shares of Common Stock 
issued or issuable from time to time upon the exercise of the warrants 
issued to the placement agent for the Offering, but excluding (i) any 
Registrable Securities that have been publicly sold or may be sold 
immediately without registration under the Securities Act either pursuant 
to Rule 144 of the Securities Act or otherwise; (ii) any Registrable 
Securities sold by a person in a transaction pursuant to a registration 
statement filed under the Securities Act or (iii) any Registrable 
Securities that are at the time subject to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act. "Registration Default Date" means the 
date that is 120 days following the Registration Filing Date or 150 days 
following the Registration Filing Date in the event that the Registration 
Statement is reviewed by the Commission. "Registration Default Period" 
means the period following the Registration Default Date during which any 
Registration Event occurs and is continuing. "Registration Event" means the 
occurrence of any of the following events: (a) the Company fails to file 
with the Commission the Registration Statement on or before the 
Registration Filing Date; (b) after the SEC Effective Date, sales cannot be 
made pursuant to the Registration Statement for any reason (including 
without limitation by reason of a stop order, or the Company's failure to 
update the Registration Statement) except as excused pursuant to Section 
3(a) hereof; or (c) the Common Stock generally or the Registrable 
Securities specifically are not listed or included for quotation on an 
Approved Market, or trading of the Common Stock is suspended or halted on 
the Approved Market, which at the time constitutes the principal market for 
the Common Stock, for more than two full, consecutive Trading Days; 
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, a Registration Event shall not be deemed to occur if all 
or substantially all trading in equity securities (including the Common 
Stock) is suspended or halted on the Approved Market for any length of 
time. "Registration Filing Date" means the date that is 60 days after the 
closing of the Merger. "Registration Statement" means the registration 
statement that the Company is required to file pursuant to this Agreement 
to register the Registrable Securities. "Rule 144" means Rule 144 
promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Act. "Securities Act" 
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any similar federal 
statute promulgated in replacement thereof, and the rules and regulations 
of the Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the 
time. "SEC Effective Date" means the date the Registration Statement is 
declared effective by the Commission. "Shares" has the meaning set forth in 
the Recitals of this Agreement. "Subscription Agreement" means each of the 
subscriptiona dated as of the date hereof by and between Pubco and each of 
the Purchasers setting forth the terms and conditions of the Offering. 
"Trading Day" means any day on which the national securities exchange, the 
Nasdaq Stock Market, the NASD Over the Counter Bulletin Board or such other 
securities market or quotation system, which at the time constitutes the 
principal securities market for the Common Stock, is open for general 
trading of securities. "Transaction Documents" has the meaning set forth in 
the Recitals of this Agreement. "Unit" has the meaning set forth in the 
Recitals of this Agreement. 2. TERM. This Agreement shall continue in full 
force and effect for a period of two (2) years from the Effective Date, 
unless terminated sooner hereunder. 3. REGISTRATION. (A) REGISTRATION ON 
FORM SB-2. Not later than the Registration Filing Date, the Company shall 
file with the Commission a registration statement on Form SB-2, or other 
applicable form, relating to the resale by the Holders of all of the 
Registrable Securities, and the Company shall use its commercially 
reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared 
effective prior to the Registration Default Date; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that 
the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such registration, 
qualification, or compliance pursuant to this Section, or keep such 
registration effective pursuant to the terms hereunder: (i) in any 
particular jurisdiction in which the Company would be required to qualify 
to do business as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities under 
the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdiction or to execute a 
general consent to service of process in effecting such registration, 
qualification or compliance, in each case where it has not already done so 
or (ii) during any Blackout Period, in which case the Registration Filing 
Date shall be extended to the date immediately following the last day of 
such Blackout Period. (B) PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION. If the Company shall 
determine to register for sale for cash any of its Common Stock, for its 
own account or for the account of others (other than the Holders), other 
than (i) a registration relating solely to employee benefit plans or 
securities issued or issuable to employees, consultants (to the extent the 
securities owned or to be owned by such consultants could be registered on 
Form S-8) or any of their Family Members (including a registration on Form 
S-8) or (ii) a registration relating solely to a Commission Rule 145 
transaction, a registration on Form S-4 in connection with a merger, 
acquisition, divestiture, reorganization, or similar event, the Company 
shall promptly give to the Holders written notice thereof (and in no event 
shall such notice be given less than 20 calendar days prior to the filing 
of such registration statement), and shall, subject to Section 3(c) hereof, 
include as a Piggyback Registration all of the Registrable Securities 
specified in a written request delivered by the Holder within 10 calendar 
days after receipt of such written notice from the Company. However, the 
Company may, without the consent of the Holders, withdraw such registration 
statement prior to its becoming effective if the Company or such other 
stockholders have elected to abandon the proposal to register the 
securities proposed to be registered thereby. (C) UNDERWRITING. If a 
Piggyback Registration is for a registered public offering involving an 
underwriting, the Company shall so advise the Holders. In such event, the 
right of any Holder to Piggyback Registration shall be conditioned upon 
such Holder's participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such 
Holder's Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent provided 
herein. All Holders proposing to include the Registrable Securities they 
hold through such underwriting shall (together with the Company and any 
other stockholders of the Company selling their securities through such 
underwriting) enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with 
the underwriter selected for such underwriting by the Company or the 
selling stockholders, as applicable. Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Section, if the underwriter or the Company determines that marketing 
factors require a limitation of the number of shares of Common Stock or the 
amount of other securities to be underwritten, the underwriter may exclude 
some or all Registrable Securities from such registration and underwriting. 
The Company shall so advise all Holders (except those Holders who failed to 
timely elect to include their Registrable Securities through such 
underwriting or have indicated to the Company their decision not to do so), 
and indicate to each such Holder the number of shares of Registrable 
Securities that may be included in the registration and underwriting, if 
any. The number of shares of Registrable Securities to be included in such 
registration and underwriting shall be allocated among such Holders as 
follows: (i) In the event of a Piggyback Registration that is initiated by 
the Company, the number of shares that may be included in the registration 
and underwriting shall be allocated first to the Company and then, subject 
to obligations and commitments existing as of the date hereof, to all 
selling stockholders, including the Holders, who have requested to sell in 
the registration on a pro rata basis according to the number of shares 
requested to be included; and (ii) In the event of a Piggyback Registration 
that is initiated by the exercise of demand registration rights by a 
stockholder or stockholders of the Company (other than the Holders), then 
the number of shares that may be included in the registration and 
underwriting shall be allocated first to such selling stockholders who 
exercised such demand and then, subject to obligations and commitments 
existing as of the date hereof, to all other selling stockholders, 
including the Holders, who have requested to sell in the registration, on a 
pro rata basis according to the number of shares requested to be included. 
No Registrable Securities excluded from the underwriting by reason of the 
underwriter's marketing limitation shall be included in such registration. 
If any Holder disapproves of the terms of any such underwriting, such 
Holder may elect to withdraw their Registrable Securities therefrom by 
delivery of written notice to the Company and the underwriter. The 
Registrable Securities so withdrawn from such underwriting shall also be 
withdrawn from such registration; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that, if by the 
withdrawal of such Registrable Securities a greater number of Registrable 
Securities held by other Holders may be included in such registration (up 
to the maximum of any limitation imposed by the underwriters), then the 
Company shall offer to all Holders who have included Registrable Securities 
in the registration the right to include additional Registrable Securities 
pursuant to the terms and limitations set forth herein in the same 
proportion used above in determining the underwriter limitation. (D) OTHER 
REGISTRATIONS. Prior to the SEC Effective Date, the Company will not, 
without the prior written consent of the Majority Holders, file or request 
the acceleration of any other registration statement filed with the 
Commission, and during any time subsequent to the SEC Effective Date when 
the Registration Statement for any reason is not available for use by any 
Holder for the resale of any Registrable Securities, the Company shall not, 
without the prior written consent of the Majority Holders, file any other 
registration statement or any amendment thereto with the Commission under 
the Securities Act or request the acceleration of the effectiveness of any 
other registration statement previously filed with the Commission, other 
than (i) any registration statement on Form S-8 or Form S-4 and (ii) any 
registration statement or amendment which the Company is required to file 
or as to which the Company is required to request acceleration pursuant to 
any obligation in effect on the date of execution and delivery of this 
Agreement. (E) OCCURRENCE OF REGISTRATION EVENT. If a Registration Event 
occurs, then the Company will make payments to each Purchaser (a "Qualified 
Purchaser"), as partial liquidated damages for the minimum amount of 
damages to the Qualified Purchaser by reason thereof, and not as a penalty, 
at a rate equal to 1% of the Purchase Price per share of Registrable 
Securities then held by a Qualified Purchaser, for each calendar month of 
the Registration Default Period (pro rated for any period less than 30 
days), up to a maximum, together with all payments made by the Company to 
such Purchaser pursuant to this Section 3(e), of 10% of the total purchase 
price of the Units purchased by such Purchaser; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, if a 
Registration Event occurs (or is continuing) on a date more than one-year 
after the Qualified Purchaser acquired the Registrable Securities (and thus 
the one-year holding period under Rule 144(d) has elapsed), liquidated 
damages shall be paid only with respect to that portion of the Qualified 
Purchaser's Registrable Securities that cannot then be immediately resold 
in reliance on Rule 144. Each such payment shall be due and payable within 
ten days after the end of each calendar month of the Registration Default 
Period until the termination of the Registration Default Period and within 
ten days after such termination. Such payments shall constitute the 
Qualified Purchaser's exclusive remedy for such events. The Registration 
Default Period shall terminate upon (i) the filing of the Registration 
Statement in the case of clause (a) of the definition of Registration 
Event, (ii) the SEC Effective Date in the case of clause (b) of the 
definition of Registration Event, (iii) the ability of the Qualified 
Purchaser to effect sales pursuant to the Registration Statement in the 
case of clause (c) of the definition of Registration Event, (iv) the 
listing or inclusion and/or trading of the Common Stock on an Approved 
Market, as the case may be, in the case of clause (d) of the definition of 
Registration Event, and (v) in the case of the events described in clauses 
(b) and (c) of the definition of Registration Event, the earlier 
termination of the Registration Default Period. The amounts payable as 
partial liquidated damages pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable (i) 
in lawful money of the United States or, (ii) at the Company's sole 
election, in shares of Common Stock, which such shares shall be issued at 
the then current market price at the time payment becomes due. Amounts 
payable as liquidated damages to each Qualified Purchaser hereunder with 
respect to each share of Registrable Securities shall cease when the 
Qualified Purchaser no longer holds such shares of Registrable Securities 
or such shares of Registrable Securities can be immediately sold by the 
Qualified Purchaser in reliance on Rule 144(k). 4. REGISTRATION PROCEDURES. 
The Company will keep each Holder reasonably advised as to the filing and 
effectiveness of the Registration Statement. At its expense with respect to 
the Registration Statement, the Company will: (A) prepare and file with the 
Commission with respect to the Registrable Securities, a registration 
statement on Form SB-2, or any other form for which the Company then 
qualifies or which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate and which 
form shall be available for the sale of the Registrable Securities in 
accordance with the intended methods of distribution thereof, and use its 
commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to 
become and remain effective at for a period of two years or for such 
shorter period ending on the earlier to occur of (i) the sale of all 
Registrable Securities and (ii) the availability under Rule 144(k) for the 
Holder to sell the Registrable Securities (in either case, the 
"Effectiveness Period"); (B) if a registration statement is subject to 
review by the Commission, promptly respond to all comments and diligently 
pursue resolution of any comments to the satisfaction of the Commission; 
(C) prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and supplements to 
such registration statement and the prospectus used in connection therewith 
as may be necessary to keep such registration statement effective during 
the Effectiveness Period; (D) furnish, without charge, to each Holder of 
Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement (i) a 
reasonable number of copies of such registration statement (including any 
exhibits thereto other than exhibits incorporated by reference), each 
amendment and supplement thereto as such Holder may reasonably request, 
(ii) such number of copies of the prospectus included in such registration 
statement (including each preliminary prospectus and any other prospectus 
filed under Rule 424 under the Securities Act) as such Holders may 
reasonably request, in conformity with the requirements of the Securities 
Act, and (iii) such other documents as such Holder may require to 
consummate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such 
Holder, but only during the Effectiveness Period; (E) use its commercially 
reasonable best efforts to register or qualify such registration under such 
other applicable securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as any 
Holder of Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement 
reasonably requests and as may be necessary for the marketability of the 
Registrable Securities (such request to be made by the time the applicable 
registration statement is deemed effective by the Commission) and do any 
and all other acts and things necessary to enable such Holder to consummate 
the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities owned 
by such Holder; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Company shall not be required 
to (i) qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would 
not otherwise be required to qualify but for this paragraph, (ii) subject 
itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (iii) consent to general 
service of process in any such jurisdiction; (F) as promptly as practicable 
after becoming aware of such event, notify each Holder of Registrable 
Securities, the disposition of which requires delivery of a prospectus 
relating thereto under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event, 
which comes to the Company's attention, that will after the occurrence of 
such event cause the prospectus included in such registration statement, if 
not amended or supplemented, to contain an untrue statement of a material 
fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein 
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading and the Company 
shall promptly thereafter prepare and furnish to such Holder a supplement 
or amendment to such prospectus (or prepare and file appropriate reports 
under the Exchange Act) so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers 
of such Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not contain an untrue 
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to 
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not 
misleading, unless suspension of the use of such prospectus otherwise is 
authorized herein or in the event of a Blackout Period, in which case no 
supplement or amendment need be furnished (or Exchange Act filing made) 
until the termination of such suspension or Blackout Period; (G) comply, 
and continue to comply during the Effectiveness Period, in all material 
respects with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and with all 
applicable rules and regulations of the Commission with respect to the 
disposition of all securities covered by such registration statement; (H) 
as promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event, notify each 
Holder of Registrable Securities being offered or sold pursuant to the 
Registration Statement of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order 
or other suspension of effectiveness of the Registration Statement; (I) use 
its best efforts to cause all the Registrable Securities covered by the 
Registration Statement to be quoted on the NASD OTC Bulletin Board or such 
other principal securities market on which securities of the same class or 
series issued by the Company are then listed or traded; (J) provide a 
transfer agent and registrar, which may be a single entity, for the shares 
of Common Stock at all times; (K) cooperate with the Holders of Registrable 
Securities being offered pursuant to the Registration Statement to issue 
and deliver, or cause its transfer agent to issue and deliver, certificates 
representing Registrable Securities to be offered pursuant to the 
Registration Statement within a reasonable time after the delivery of 
certificates representing the Registrable Securities to the transfer agent 
or the Company, as applicable, and enable such certificates to be in such 
denominations or amounts as the Holders may reasonably request and 
registered in such names as the Holders may request; (L) during the 
Effectiveness Period, refrain from bidding for or purchasing any Common 
Stock or any right to purchase Common Stock or attempting to induce any 
person to purchase any such security or right if such bid, purchase or 
attempt would in any way limit the right of the Holders to sell Registrable 
Securities by reason of the limitations set forth in Regulation M under the 
Exchange Act; and (M) take all other reasonable actions necessary to 
expedite and facilitate the disposition by the Holders of the Registrable 
Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement. 5. SUSPENSION OF OFFERS 
AND SALES. Each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the 
Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 4(f) 
hereof or of the commencement of an Blackout Period, such Holder shall 
discontinue the disposition of Registrable Securities included in the 
Registration Statement until such Holder's receipt of the copies of the 
supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 4(f) hereof or 
notice of the end of the Blackout Period, and, if so directed by the 
Company, such Holder shall deliver to the Company (at the Company's 
expense) all copies (including, without limitation, any and all drafts), 
other than permanent file copies, then in such Holder's possession, of the 
prospectus covering such Registrable Securities current at the time of 
receipt of such notice. 6. REGISTRATION EXPENSES. The Company shall pay all 
expenses in connection with any registration obligation provided herein, 
including, without limitation, all registration, filing, stock exchange 
fees, printing expenses, all fees and expenses of complying with securities 
or blue sky laws, and the fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company 
and of its independent accountants; provided that, in any underwritten 
registration, each party shall pay for its own underwriting discounts and 
commissions and transfer taxes. Except as provided in this Section and 
Section 9 hereof, the Company shall not be responsible for the expenses of 
any attorney or other advisor employed by a Holder. 7. ASSIGNMENT OF 
RIGHTS. No Holder may assign its rights under this Agreement to any party 
without the prior written consent of the Company; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that a 
Holder may assign its rights under this Agreement without such consent to a 
Permitted Assignee as long as (a) such transfer or assignment is effected 
in accordance with applicable securities laws; (b) such transferee or 
assignee agrees in writing to become subject to the terms of this 
Agreement; and (c) the Company is given written notice by such Holder of 
such transfer or assignment, stating the name and address of the transferee 
or assignee and identifying the Registrable Securities with respect to 
which such rights are being transferred or assigned. 8. INFORMATION BY 
HOLDER. Holders included in any registration shall furnish to the Company 
such information as the Company may reasonably request in writing regarding 
such Holders and the distribution proposed by such Holders. 9. 
INDEMNIFICATION. (A) In the event of the offer and sale of Registrable 
Securities under the Securities Act, the Company shall, and hereby does, 
indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each 
Holder, its directors, officers, partners, each other person who 
participates as an underwriter in the offering or sale of such securities, 
and each other person, if any, who controls or is under common control with 
such Holder or any such underwriter within the meaning of Section 15 of the 
Securities Act, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint 
or several, and expenses to which the Holder or any such director, officer, 
partner or underwriter or controlling person may become subject under the 
Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages, 
liabilities or expenses (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or 
threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue 
statement of any material fact contained in any registration statement 
prepared and filed by the Company under which shares of Registrable 
Securities were registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary 
prospectus, final prospectus or summary prospectus contained therein, or 
any amendment or supplement thereto, or any omission to state therein a 
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the 
statements therein in light of the circumstances in which they were made 
not misleading, and the Company shall reimburse the Holder, and each such 
director, officer, partner, underwriter and controlling person for any 
legal or any other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with 
investigating, defending or settling any such loss, claim, damage, 
liability, action or proceeding; provided that the Company shall not be 
liable in any such case (i) to the extent that any such loss, claim, 
damage, liability (or action or proceeding in respect thereof) or expense 
arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement in or omission from such 
registration statement, any such preliminary prospectus, final prospectus, 
summary prospectus, amendment or supplement in reliance upon and in 
conformity with written information furnished to the Company through an 
instrument duly executed by or on behalf of such Holder specifically 
stating that it is for use in the preparation thereof or (ii) if the person 
asserting any such loss, claim, damage, liability (or action or proceeding 
in respect thereof) who purchased the Registrable Securities that are the 
subject thereof did not receive a copy of an amended preliminary prospectus 
or the final prospectus (or the final prospectus as amended or 
supplemented) at or prior to the written confirmation of the sale of such 
Registrable Securities to such person because of the failure of such Holder 
or underwriter to so provide such amended preliminary or final prospectus 
and the untrue statement or omission of a material fact made in such 
preliminary prospectus was corrected in the amended preliminary or final 
prospectus (or the final prospectus as amended or supplemented). Such 
indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any 
investigation made by or on behalf of the Holders, or any such director, 
officer, partner, underwriter or controlling person and shall survive the 
transfer of such shares by the Holder. (B) As a condition to including 
Registrable Securities in any registration statement filed pursuant to this 
Agreement, each Holder agrees to be bound by the terms of this Section 9 
and to indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
the Company, its directors and officers, and each other person, if any, who 
controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities 
Act, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, 
to which the Company or any such director or officer or controlling person 
may become subject under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such 
losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions or proceedings, whether 
commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) that arises out of or is based 
upon an untrue statement in or omission from such registration statement, 
any such preliminary prospectus, final prospectus, summary prospectus, 
amendment or supplement in reliance upon and in conformity with written 
information furnished to the Holder through an instrument duly executed by 
or on behalf of the Company specifically stating that it is for use in the 
preparation thereof, and such Holder shall reimburse the Company, and each 
such director, officer, and controlling person for any legal or other 
expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating, 
defending, or settling and such loss, claim, damage, liability, action, or 
proceeding; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that such indemnity agreement found in this 
Section 9 shall in no event exceed the gross proceeds from the offering 
received by such Holder. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and 
effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Company 
or any such director, officer or controlling person and shall survive the 
transfer by any Holder of such shares. (C) Promptly after receipt by an 
indemnified party of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding 
involving a claim referred to in this Section (including any governmental 
action), such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to 
be made against an indemnifying party, give written notice to the 
indemnifying party of the commencement of such action; provided that the 
failure of any indemnified party to give notice as provided herein shall 
not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations under this Section, 
except to the extent that the indemnifying party is actually prejudiced by 
such failure to give notice. In case any such action is brought against an 
indemnified party, unless in the reasonable judgment of counsel to such 
indemnified party a conflict of interest between such indemnified and 
indemnifying parties may exist or the indemnified party may have defenses 
not available to the indemnifying party in respect of such claim, the 
indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate in and to assume the 
defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified 
party and, after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified 
party of its election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying 
party shall not be liable to such indemnified party for any legal or other 
expenses subsequently incurred by the latter in connection with the defense 
thereof, unless in such indemnified party's reasonable judgment a conflict 
of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties arises in 
respect of such claim after the assumption of the defenses thereof or the 
indemnifying party fails to defend such claim in a diligent manner, other 
than reasonable costs of investigation. Neither an indemnified nor an 
indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action or 
proceeding effected without its consent. No indemnifying party shall, 
without the consent of the indemnified party, consent to entry of any 
judgment or enter into any settlement, which does not include as an 
unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such 
indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect of such claim 
or litigation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, 
and without limiting any of the rights set forth above, in any event any 
party shall have the right to retain, at its own expense, counsel with 
respect to the defense of a claim. (D) In the event that an indemnifying 
party does or is not permitted to assume the defense of an action pursuant 
to Section 9(c) hereof or in the case of the expense reimbursement 
obligation set forth in Sections 9(a) and (b) hereof, the indemnification 
required by Sections 9(a) and (b) hereof shall be made by periodic payments 
of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as 
and when bills received or expenses, losses, damages, or liabilities are 
incurred. (E) If the indemnification provided for in this Section is held 
by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an indemnified 
party with respect to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense 
referred to herein, the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such 
indemnified party hereunder, shall (i) contribute to the amount paid or 
payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, liability, 
claim, damage or expense as is appropriate to reflect the proportionate 
relative fault of the indemnifying party on the one hand and the 
indemnified party on the other (determined by reference to, among other 
things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact 
or omission relates to information supplied by the indemnifying party or 
the indemnified party and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access 
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such untrue statement 
or omission), or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not 
permitted by applicable law or provides a lesser sum to the indemnified 
party than the amount hereinafter calculated, not only the proportionate 
relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified party, but 
also the relative benefits received by the indemnifying party on the one 
hand and the indemnified party on the other, as well as any other relevant 
equitable considerations. No indemnified party guilty of fraudulent 
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities 
Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any indemnifying party who was 
not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. (F) OTHER INDEMNIFICATION. 
Indemnification similar to that specified in this Section (with appropriate 
modifications) shall be given by the Company and each Holder of Registrable 
Securities with respect to any required registration or other qualification 
of securities under any federal or state law or regulation or governmental 
authority other than the Securities Act. 10. RULE 144. For a period of at 
least 24 months following the Closing Date, the Company will use its 
commercially reasonable best efforts to timely file all reports required to 
be filed by the Company after the date hereof under the Securities Act and 
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations adopted by the Commission 
thereunder, and if the Company is not required to file reports pursuant to 
such sections, it will prepare and furnish to the Purchasers and make 
publicly available in accordance with Rule 144(c) such information as is 
required for the Purchasers to sell shares of Common Stock under Rule 144. 
11. INDEPENDENT NATURE OF EACH PURCHASER'S OBLIGATIONS AND RIGHTS. The 
obligations of each Purchaser under this Agreement are several and not 
joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and each Purchaser shall 
not be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any 
other Purchaser under this Agreement. Nothing contained herein and no 
action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to 
constitute such Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint 
venture, or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the 
Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to 
such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each 
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its 
rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this 
Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be 
joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. 12. 
MISCELLANEOUS. (A) GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the 
United States of America, both substantive and remedial, without regard to 
New York conflicts of law principles. Any judicial proceeding brought 
against either of the parties to this agreement or any dispute arising out 
of this Agreement or any matter related hereto shall be brought in the 
courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Suffolk County, or in the 
United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts and, by its 
execution and delivery of this agreement, each party to this Agreement 
accepts the jurisdiction of such courts. The foregoing consent to 
jurisdiction shall not be deemed to confer rights on any person other than 
the parties to this Agreement. (B) SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. Except as 
otherwise provided herein, the provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit 
of, and be binding upon, the successors, Permitted Assignees, executors and 
administrators of the parties hereto. In the event the Company merges with, 
or is otherwise acquired by, a direct or indirect subsidiary of a publicly 
traded company, the Company shall condition the merger or acquisition on 
the assumption by such parent company of the Company's obligations under 
this Agreement. (C) ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement constitutes the full 
and entire understanding and agreement between the parties with regard to 
the subjects hereof. (D) NOTICES, ETC. All notices or other communications 
which are required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing 
and sufficient if delivered by hand, by facsimile transmission, by 
registered or certified mail, postage pre-paid, by electronic mail, or by 
courier or overnight carrier, to the persons at the addresses set forth 
below (or at such other address as may be provided hereunder), and shall be 
deemed to have been delivered as of the date so delivered: if to the 
Company to: RedRoller Holdings, Inc. Soundview Plaza 1266 East Main Street, 
2nd Floor Stamford, CT 06902-3546 Attention: President Telephone No.: 
203-852-1000 Facsimile No.: 203-327-9777 With a copy to: DLA Piper US LLP 
33 Arch Street, 26th Floor Boston, MA 02116 Attention: Francis J. Feeney, 
Jr., Esq. Telephone No.: 617-406-6063 Facsimile No.: 617-406-6163 if to the 
Purchasers: To each Purchaser at the address set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 
or at such other address as any party shall have furnished to the other 
parties in writing. (E) DELAYS OR OMISSIONS. No delay or omission to 
exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any Holder, upon any breach 
or default of the Company under this Agreement, shall impair any such 
right, power or remedy of such Holder nor shall it be construed to be a 
waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or 
in any similar breach or default thereunder occurring; nor shall any waiver 
of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or 
default theretofore or thereafter occurring. Any waiver, permit, consent or 
approval of any kind or character on the part of any Holder of any breach 
or default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any Holder of 
any provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must be in writing and 
shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such 
writing. All remedies, either under this Agreement, or by law or otherwise 
afforded to any holder, shall be cumulative and not alternative. (F) 
COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, 
each of which shall be enforceable against the parties actually executing 
such counterparts, and all of which together shall constitute one 
instrument. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile 
transmission, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of 
the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with 
the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature page were an 
original thereof. (G) SEVERABILITY. In the case any provision of this 
Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, 
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any 
way be affected or impaired thereby. (H) AMENDMENTS. The provisions of this 
Agreement may be amended at any time and from time to time, and particular 
provisions of this Agreement may be waived, with and only with an agreement 
or consent in writing signed by the Company and the Majority Holders. The 
Purchasers acknowledge that by the operation of this Section, the Majority 
Holders may have the right and power to diminish or eliminate all rights of 
the Purchasers under this Agreement. (I) LIMITATION ON SUBSEQUENT 
REGISTRATION RIGHTS. After the date of this Agreement, the Company shall 
not, without the prior written consent of the Majority Holders, enter into 
any agreement with any holder or prospective holder of any securities of 
the Company that would grant such holder registration rights senior to 
those granted to the Holders hereunder. [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] IT WITNESS 
WHEREOF, this Registration Rights Agreement is hereby executed as of the 
date first above written. COMPANY: REDROLLER HOLDINGS, INC. By: /s/ William 
Van Wyck ------------------------------------ Name: William Van Wyck Its: 
President and Chief Executive Officer [SIGNATURE PAGE OF PURCHASERS 
FOLLOWS] IT WITNESS WHEREOF, this Registration Rights Agreement is hereby 
executed as of the date first above written. PURCHASER: 
------------------------- (PRINT NAME) By: _____________________________ 
Name: Its: EXHIBIT A TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
------------------------------------------ PURCHASERS Purchaser Name 
Purchaser Address Number of Shares -------------- ----------------- 
----------------