 EX-10.23 2 v093683_ex10-23.txt EXHIBIT 10.23 LOAN AGREEMENT THIS LOAN 
AGREEMENT is made as of the 29th day of October, 2007. AMONG: WYNDOM 
CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC., a corporation having an office located at 35 New 
Road, #2112 Belize City, Belize; (the "Lender") AND: HYBRID TECHNOLOGIES, 
INC., a corporation incorporated pursuant to the laws of Nevada having a 
mailing address at 5841 East Charleston, Suite 230-145, Las Vegas, Nevada 
89142; (the "Borrower") WHEREAS: A. The Lender has agreed to lend up to 
$4,000,000 ("the Loan"), to be evidenced by 10% Promissory Notes, due three 
(3) years from the date of issuance (the "Notes"), to the Borrower to be 
used by the Borrower for development of its business assets and for general 
working capital; B. The Borrower has agreed to grant to the Lender certain 
shares described in this Agreement to be held in escrow by Lender in order 
to secure the repayment of the Loan and the performance of the Borrower's 
obligations; and C. The sole recourse of the Lender in the event of a 
default on the Loan is to the shares held in escrow by Lender to secure 
repayment of the Loan. In consideration of the premises, covenants, and 
agreements hereinafter set forth, and each party legally intending to be 
bound hereby, the parties hereby represent, warrant, covenant, and agree as 
follows: 29 Article 1-Definitions & Interpretation 1.1 Definitions In this 
Agreement: "Banking Day" means any day on which United States banks are 
generally open to the public for business in Las Vegas, Nevada; and 
"Interest" means simple interest at a rate of 10% per annum calculated on 
the Loan. 1.2 Headings Headings have been inserted into this Agreement for 
reference only and they do not define, limit, alter, or enlarge the meaning 
of any provision of this Agreement. 1.3 Recitals The recitals set out above 
form a part of this Agreement. 1.4 Currency Unless otherwise specified, a 
statement of, or reference to, a dollar amount in this Loan Agreement 
without currency specification will mean United States dollars. Article 
2-Terms of Loan 2.1 Loan Amount On and subject to the terms of this 
Agreement, the Lender hereby agrees to lend and the Borrower hereby agrees 
to borrow the principal sum of up to $4,000,000 from the Lender, evidenced 
by Notes in the aggregate principal amount borrowed, issuable upon the 
following terms and conditions: (a) $500,000 principal amount of Notes to 
be purchased from the Borrower by Lender at a closing ("Closing") to be 
held within fifteen (15) days of the execution of this Agreement; and (b) 
up to an additional $3,500,000 principal amount to the Borrower in 
additional installments (each an "Installment") to be advanced by Lender to 
Borrower within one hundred eighty (180) days of execution of this 
Agreement; The Loan advances are subject to the Borrower satisfying all of 
its covenants and agreements. Upon receipt of each Installment of the Loan, 
a 10% finders fee ("Finders Fee") shall be paid to Kisumu S.A. that the 
Lender will deduct from the Loan proceeds as they are advanced, the 
Borrower shall be bound to accept the Loan upon the terms described herein. 
2.2 Expenses Each party shall be responsible for its own costs related to 
the preparation and execution of this Agreement and any related 
documentation. 30 2.3 Non-Revolving Facility The Loan will be a 
non-revolving facility and any principal of it that the Borrower repays 
will not be available for re-advance under this Agreement. 2.4 Promise to 
Pay The Borrower hereby promises to make Loan payments to the Lender at its 
address shown on the first page of this Agreement, or at any other address 
directed by the Lender from time to time, in accordance with the schedule 
provided in paragraph 3.1. Article 3-Repayment of Loan 3.1 Repayment of 
Principal; Interest Subject to section 8.2, the Borrower hereby promises to 
repay the principal of each Loan Installment evidenced by a Note on the 
date that is three (3) years from the date on which the Installment is 
advanced to the Borrower. The Interest on the Loan shall be payable monthly 
in arrears on the first day of the following month. 3.2 Prepayment The 
Borrower may not, without the Lender's permission, prepay all or any part 
of the Loan. Article 4-General Payment Provisions 4.1 Payment Dates If the 
date upon which any act or payment under this Agreement is required to be 
done or made falls on a day that is not a Banking Day, then such act or 
payment will be performed or made on the immediate subsequent Banking Day. 
4.2 Receipt of Payments All payments required to be made under this 
Agreement and received by the Lender after 3:00 pm Pacific Time will be 
deemed for all purposes of this Agreement to have been received by the 
Lender on the Banking Day following the date of payment. 4.3 Overdue 
Amounts In addition to any other interest payable pursuant to this 
Agreement, any amount payable by the Borrower to the Lender in connection 
with this Agreement, and not paid when due, will bear interest at 15% per 
annum calculated from the date such amount first becomes due until paid in 
full. Article 5-Security 5.1 Equity Security As security for the 
indebtedness, liabilities and obligations of the Borrower to the Lender 
under this Agreement, upon the Lender delivering the Loan funds to the 
Borrower, the Borrower shall issue and deliver to the Lender 10,000,000 
shares of restricted common stock in its capital (the "Shares" or "Share 
Collateral"), deliverable proportionately to delivery of funds (i.e. 
1,250,000 shares when the first $500,000 of the Loan is advanced, and a 
further 8,750,000 shares upon delivery of the balance of the Loan at the 
rate of 2.5 shares for each dollar advanced); provided, that, upon the 
initial delivery of funds totaling $1,000,000 by Lender, Borrower shall 
deliver to Lender, in addition to the certificate or certificates 
representing the 2,500,000 Shares that collateralize such $1,000,000, a 
certificate or certificates representing the additional 7,500,000 Shares 
(the "Advance Collateral Shares") that are to collateralize the additional 
$3,000,000 principal amount of Installments of the Loan and that will bear 
an appropriate legend to the effect that such Shares are issued subject to 
the terms of this Agreement. To the extent the Advance Collateral Shares 
held by the Lender are not allocated to collateralize further Installments 
of the Loan pursuant to this Agreement, the Lender hereby agrees that the 
Borrower, without any further consent of the Lender, may cancel, pursuant 
to Nevada Revised Statutes 78.250, the certificate or certificates 
representing such outstanding Advance Collateral Shares that are not so 
allocated to collateralize the Loan hereunder and the Lender will forthwith 
redeliver the certificates representing such Advance Collateral Shares to 
Borrower or Borrower's transfer agent, as requested. The Shares shall be 
represented by stock certificates issued by the Borrower's registrar and 
transfer agent in the name of the Lender, to be held in escrow by the 
Lender. 31 5.2 Anti-Dilution Protection; Dividends on Shares The Share 
Collateral shall have customary anti-dilution protection for forward stock 
splits, stock dividends and major corporate transactions. In the event of a 
reverse stock split or combination of shares, the number of shares of 
common stock constituting the Share Collateral will, immediately following 
such reverse stock split or combination of shares, be increased by a new 
issuance of common stock of the Company to that number of shares 
constituting the Share Collateral immediately prior to such reverse stock 
split or combination of shares. The certificates representing any share 
dividends that the Borrower pays during the term of the Loan with respect 
to the Shares being held in escrow shall be credited and delivered to the 
Lender and held by the Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 5.3 
Cancellation of Shares After a Note and all accrued Interest thereon are 
repaid in full, the Lender shall deliver the Shares that are the designated 
collateral for such Note to the Borrower for return to Borrower's treasury. 
In such circumstances, the Lender shall provide the Borrower with such 
documentation as it may reasonably require for the cancellation and return 
to treasury of such Shares. 5.4 Disposal of Shares The Lender shall not 
have the right to dispose of all or part of its interest in the Shares, 
except in accordance with the provisions of Article 8 of this Agreement 
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. 5.5 Voting Rights Unless a 
voting trust is signed, the Lender shall vote the Shares held by it in 
escrow. Article 6-Conditions of Lending 6.1 Conditions Precedent to Advance 
The obligations of the Lender to advance the Loan proceeds to the Borrower 
is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of following conditions precedent 
on or before the advance: 32 (a) receipt by the Lender of certified copies 
of all documents evidencing all corporate action taken by the Borrower 
authorizing the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the issuance 
of the Shares as security, all to be satisfactory in form and substance to 
the Lender; (c) no Event of Default will have occurred or no event which, 
with the lapse of time or with notice and lapse of time specified herein 
would become an Event of Default, will have occurred and be continuing; (d) 
no action, proceeding, or investigation will be pending or threatened 
against the Borrower which would, if successful, have a material adverse 
effect on the financial condition of the Borrower or its ability to observe 
and perform its covenants under this Agreement; and (e) all representations 
and warranties contained in Article 7 of this Agreement will be true on and 
as of the date of any advance under the Loan with the same effect as if 
such representations and warranties had been made on and as of the date of 
such advance. 6.2 Waiver of Conditions Precedent The above conditions 
precedent are for the sole benefit of the Lender. The Lender may in its 
sole discretion, waive by notice in writing any condition precedent, in 
whole or in part, without incurring any liability therefor. Article 
7-Representations & Warranties The Borrower hereby represents and warrants 
to and in favor of and covenants with the Lender as follows: 7.1 General 
All representations and warranties made under this Agreement will survive 
the advance of the Loan and the delivery of the Shares, and no 
investigation at any time made by or on behalf of the Lender will diminish 
in any respect whatsoever its rights to rely upon them. All statements 
contained in any certificate or other instrument delivered by or on behalf 
of the Borrower under or pursuant to this Agreement will constitute 
representations and warranties made by the Borrower under this Agreement. 
7.2 Binding Effect This Agreement, upon execution by the Lender, will be 
duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action, will have 
been validly executed, and will be legal, valid, and binding obligations of 
the Borrower enforceable in accordance with its terms. 7.3 Contravention of 
Law Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the issuance 
of the Shares, nor performance in accordance therewith, is or will 
contravene any provision of any law, regulation, order, license, permit, or 
consent applicable to each, or conflict with or result in a breach, or 
constitute a default under, or require any consent under the terms or 
conditions of any agreement or instrument to which the Borrower is a party 
or by which the Borrower is bound. 33 7.4 No Default Under Agreements The 
Borrower is not in default under any agreement or instrument to which it is 
a party and which default may materially adversely affect its ability to 
observe and perform its covenants under this Agreement. 7.5 No Claims There 
are no actions, claims, or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the 
Borrower, threatened against the Borrower or its directors or officers 
before any court, administrative board, or other tribunal, which if decided 
against the Borrower or its directors or officers would materially or 
adversely affect its business or financial status and there is no 
unsatisfied claim or outstanding judgment or writ of execution against the 
Borrower. The Lender hereby represents and warrants to and in favor of and 
covenants with the Borrower as follows: 7.6 Sales of the Notes will be made 
only to "accredited investors", as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) 
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Article 8-Events of Default & 
Remedies 8.1 Events of Default Any one or more of the following events will 
constitute an Event of Default, whether any such Event of Default is 
voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to or 
in compliance with any judgment, decree, or order of any court or any 
order, rule, or regulation of any administrative or governmental body: (a) 
default by the Borrower in the due payment of any amount payable under this 
Agreement or in the due and complete observance or performance of any other 
condition, covenant, or provision of this Agreement; (b) the occurrence of 
a material adverse change in the financial position of the Borrower or in 
the value of the security held by the Lender for the Loan; (c) any action 
by the Borrower that constitutes a denial of the Lender's rights set forth 
in this Agreement; (d) an order is made or a petition is filed for the 
bankruptcy of the Borrower; (e) the Borrower commits an act of bankruptcy 
or makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or otherwise 
acknowledges its insolvency; (f) the appointment of a receiver, 
receiver-manager, or receiver and manager of any part of the properties or 
assets of the Borrower; (g) the enforceability of any execution, or any 
other process of any court against the Borrower, or the levy of a distress 
or analogous process upon the properties or assets or any part thereof of 
the Borrower; 34 (h) default by the Borrower in the performance of any 
contractual obligation to the Lender under any other agreement or legal 
instrument, whether or not collateral or supplemental to this Agreement; 
(i) the holder of any mortgage, charge, or encumbrance on any of the 
properties or assets or any part thereof of the Borrower does anything to 
enforce or realize on such mortgage, charge, or encumbrance; (j) if, at any 
time during the term of this Agreement, the Borrower is subject to a change 
of control. For the purposes of this subparagraph, a "change of control" 
shall be deemed to occur if: (i) any person, or group of persons acting in 
concert, other than any current control person(s), hold greater than 20% of 
the issued and outstanding shares in the capital stock of the Borrower; 
(ii) there is a 50% or greater change in the composition of the Borrower's 
Board of Directors, effected by stockholders of the Borrower other than 
with the consent of the current control person(s); or (iii) if a takeover 
bid is issued with respect to the Borrower's securities; (k) if any 
representation or warranty made in writing to the Lender by the Borrower 
made in this Agreement or in any certificate or other instrument delivered 
or to be delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Lender in 
contemplation of this Agreement is incorrect in any material respect on the 
date as of which such representation or warranty was made or purported to 
be made; or (l) trading in the shares of common stock of the Borrower is 
suspended by a regulatory authority. 8.2 Remedies on Default After any 
Event of Default has occurred and continues for seven (7) days and at any 
time thereafter, provided that the Borrower has not theretofore remedied 
all outstanding Events of Default, the Lender may, in its discretion, 
declare this Agreement to be in default. At any time thereafter while the 
Borrower has not remedied all outstanding Events of Default, the Lender 
may, at its discretion and subject to compliance with any mandatory 
requirements of applicable law then in effect, exercise one or more of the 
following remedies: (a) declare the then outstanding balance of the Loan, 
Interest, costs, and all money owing by the Borrower to be immediately due 
and payable and such funds and liabilities will forthwith become due and 
payable without presentment, demand, protest, or other notice of any kind 
to the Borrower, all of which are hereby expressly waived; and/or (b) as 
Lender's sole recourse, take possession of the Shares designated as 
collateral for the principal amount of the Loan that is in default for its 
sole benefit; provided, that, in the event of a trading halt in the common 
stock of Borrower or upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under 
Section 8.1 (d), (e) or (f), the Loan shall be full recourse, and the 
Lender shall have all remedies available under applicable laws to enforce 
payment of amounts due under this Agreement, including a first security 
interest in all of the assets of Borrower. Upon the occurrence of any Event 
of Default or a trading halt in the common stock of Borrower, the Lender 
shall be deemed to be the registered and beneficial owner of a 100% right, 
interest and title to the Shares free of all charges, liens and 
encumbrances, other than any resale or other restrictions imposed by law. 
35 8.3 Other Securities The rights and powers conferred by section 8.2 are 
in addition to and not in substitution for any other security which the 
Lender now or from time to time may hold or take from the Borrower in 
relation to this Agreement. 8.4 Remedies Non-Exclusive No remedy set out in 
this Agreement is intended to be exclusive of each and every remedy given 
hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or 
otherwise. The exercise or commencement of exercise by the Lender of any 
one or more of such remedies will not preclude the simultaneous or later 
exercise by the Lender of any or all other such remedies. 8.5 Set-Off or 
Counterclaim The obligation of the Borrower to make all payments under this 
Agreement will be absolute and unconditional and will not be affected by 
any circumstance, including, without limitation, any set-off, compensation, 
counterclaim, recoupment, defense, or other right which the Borrower may 
have against the Lender, or anyone else for any reason whatsoever and any 
insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, or similar proceedings by or 
against the Borrower. Article 9-General 9.1 Entire Agreement This Agreement 
embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with 
respect to the Loan and supersedes all prior agreements and undertakings, 
whether oral or written, relative to the subject matter hereof. 9.2 
Amendments This Agreement shall not be amended, waived, discharged, or 
terminated orally, but only by an instrument in writing signed by the party 
against whom enforcement of the amendment, waiver, discharge, or 
termination is sought. 9.3 Waiver Every condition and covenant, and each 
and every representation and warranty contained in this Agreement has been 
inserted for the sole benefit of the Lender and any breach of any such 
conditions, covenants, representations, and warranties may, at the Lender's 
discretion, be waived or partially waived by the Lender. No failure or 
delay on the part of the Lender to exercise any right, power, or remedy 
given herein or by statute or at law or in equity or otherwise will operate 
as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right 
preclude any other exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, 
power, or remedy. 9.4 Forbearance No condonation, forgiveness, waiver, or 
forbearance by the Lender of any non-observance or non-performance by the 
Borrower of any of the provisions of this Agreement will operate as a 
waiver or estoppel by or against the Lender in respect of any provision, or 
any subsequent non-observance or non-performance by the Borrower of any of 
the provisions of this Agreement. 36 9.5 Approvals The acceptance or 
approval by the Lender of any matter required hereunder will be of no force 
and effect unless given in writing, and given prior to the event or thing 
for which it is required. 9.6 Lender's Discretion The Lender may grant 
extensions of time, take and give up securities, accept compositions, grant 
releases and discharges, and otherwise deal with the Borrower and other 
parties, sureties, or securities as the Lender may see fit without 
prejudice to the liability of the Borrower, to the Lender and without 
prejudice to the Lender's rights under this Agreement. 9.7 No Merger of 
Judgment Neither the taking of any judgment nor the exercise of any power 
of seizure and sale will operate to extinguish the obligation of the 
Borrower to pay its debts and liabilities under this Agreement or operate 
as a merger of any covenant in this Agreement, and the acceptance of any 
payment or alternate security will not constitute or create a novation, and 
the taking of a judgment or judgments under a covenant in this Agreement 
contained will not operate as a merger of those covenants or affect the 
Lender's rights to interest at the rate and times provided in this 
Agreement. 9.8 Other Indebtedness Nothing contained in this Agreement will 
prejudice or impair any rights or remedies the Lender may have with respect 
to other loans which the Lender may make with the Borrower. 9.9 Notices Any 
notice, direction, or other instrument required or permitted to be given 
under this Agreement will be in writing and may be delivered, sent by 
registered mail, or transmittal by facsimile machine to the respective 
addresses set out on the first page of this Agreement. 9.10 Effect of 
Notice Any notice, direction, or instrument given will: (a) if delivered, 
be deemed to have been given or made at the time of delivery; (b) if mailed 
by registered mail and properly addressed, be deemed to have been given or 
made on the fourth Banking Day following the day on which it was so mailed, 
provided that should there be at the time of mailing or between the time of 
mailing and the actual receipt of the notice a mail strike, slowdown, or 
other labour dispute which might affect the delivery of that notice, then 
the notice will be only effective if actually delivered; and (c) if sent by 
facsimile machine, be deemed to have been given or made on the Banking Day 
immediately following the day on which it was transmitted. 37 9.11 Notice 
of Change of Address Any party may give written notice of change of address 
in the same manner in which event notice will thereafter be given at that 
changed address. 9.12 Further Assurances As and so often as the Lender may 
require, the Borrower will execute and deliver to the Lender, at the 
expense of the Borrower, such further and other assurances and conveyances 
as may be necessary to properly carry out the intention of this Agreement. 
9.13 Severability If any term, covenant, or condition of this Agreement or 
application thereof to any person or circumstance is found to any extent to 
be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, the remainder of this 
Agreement or application of such term, covenant, or condition to such 
person or circumstance other than those as to which it is held invalid, 
illegal, or unenforceable will not be affected thereby, and each term, 
covenant, and condition of this Agreement will be valid and legal and will 
be endorsed to the fullest extent permitted by law. 9.14 No Partnership The 
parties specifically acknowledge that the Borrower and the Lender are not 
partners, that the Borrower has no right or authority to obligate the 
Lender and the Lender has no right to obligate the Borrower (except in the 
manner and to the extent provided in this Agreement), and that nothing 
contained in this Agreement, nor any acts of the parties in fulfilling 
their respective rights and obligations under this Agreement will be 
construed so as to create a partnership relationship between the Borrower 
and the Lender. 9.15 Assignment by Lender The Borrower acknowledges and 
agrees that the Lender may assign all or any portion of its interest in the 
Loan, and its rights, obligations, and benefits under this Agreement, 
without the consent of the Borrower. The Borrower will execute such 
assurances and conveyances as may be reasonably required by the Lender in 
order to give effect to such assignment, including executing additional 
documents to facilitate assignment thereof by the Lender. The Lender will 
be fully released from its obligations hereunder upon any assignment of all 
the Loan and in respect of any partial assignment, will be fully released 
in respect of such assigned part of the Loan. 9.16 Access to Documentation 
On execution of this Agreement, the Lender, at its own expense and at 
reasonable intervals and times, shall upon two Business Days' notice have 
access to the Borrower's minute book, corporate records, accounting files 
and to all technical records and other factual engineering data and 
information relating to the Borrower's assets which are in the possession 
of the Borrower. 9.17 Time of the Essence Time will be of the essence of 
this Agreement in respect of all payments to be made under this Agreement 
and all covenants and agreements to be performed and fulfilled. Any 
extension of time under this Agreement will not be deemed to be or operate 
in law as a waiver on the part of the Lender that time is to be of the 
essence of this Agreement. 38 9.18 Jurisdiction The Borrower hereby 
irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceedings against it with 
respect to this Agreement may be brought in the courts of Nevada or in such 
other court as the Lender may elect and, by execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, the Borrower hereby irrevocably submits to each such 
jurisdiction. 9.19 Governing Law This Agreement, and the rights and 
obligations of the parties will be governed by and be construed in 
accordance with the laws of Nevada. The parties hereby attorn to the 
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Nevada. 9.20 Counterparts This 
Agreement may be signed in counterparts and by facsimile machine, and when 
a counterpart of this Agreement has been executed by each of the parties, 
such counterparts will be treated as one and the same Agreement, as if each 
such counterpart had been executed by all of the parties. 9.21 Enurement 
This Agreement will be binding upon and enure to the benefit of the 
Borrower and the Lender and each of their respective successors and 
permitted assigns. AS EVIDENCE OF THEIR AGREEMENT the parties have executed 
this Loan Agreement on the date appearing on page 1, above. WYNDOM CAPITAL 
INVESTMENTS INC. HYBRID TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By: /s/ Bob Grandfield By: /s/ 
Holly Roseberry ------------------- -------------------- Authorized 
Signatory Authorized Signatory 39