 EX-10.9 7 a2178901zex-10_9.htm EXHIBIT 10.9
QuickLinks -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit 10.9


FORM OF SPONSOR WARRANTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT

        THIS SPONSOR WARRANTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of               
   , 2007 (as it may from time to time be amended and including all 
exhibits referenced herein, this "Agreement"), is entered into by and 
between HH-HACI, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Sponsor") and 
Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc. (the "Company").

        The Company intends to consummate a public offering of the 
Company's units (the "Public Offering"), each unit consisting of one share 
of the Company's common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (a "Share"), and 
one warrant to purchase one Share at an exercise price of $7.50 per Share. 
The Sponsor has agreed to purchase an aggregate of 7,000,000 warrants (the 
"Sponsor Warrants"), each Sponsor Warrant entitling the holder to purchase 
one Share at an exercise price of $7.50 per Share.

        NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in 
this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this Agreement 
hereby, intending legally to be bound, agree as follows:


AGREEMENT

Section 1.    Authorization, Purchase and Sale; Terms of the Sponsor 
Warrants.

        A.    Authorization of the Sponsor Warrants.    The Company has 
duly authorized the issuance and sale of the Sponsor Warrants to the 
Sponsor.

        B.    Purchase and Sale of the Sponsor Warrants.    Immediately 
prior to the consummation of the Public Offering or on such earlier time 
and date as may be mutually agreed by the Sponsor and the Company (the "
Closing Date"), the Company shall issue and sell to the Sponsor, and the 
Sponsor shall purchase from the Company, the Sponsor Warrant for an 
aggregate purchase price of $7,000,000 (the "Purchase Price"), which shall 
be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company in 
accordance with the Company's wiring instructions. On the Closing Date, 
upon the payment by the Sponsor of the Purchase Price by wire transfer of 
immediately available funds to the Company, the Company shall deliver a 
certificate evidencing the Sponsor Warrants duly registered in the 
Sponsor's name to the Sponsor.

        C.    Terms of the Sponsor Warrants.    

              (i)    Each Sponsor Warrant shall have the terms set forth in
      a Warrant Agreement to be entered into by the Company in connection
      with the Public Offering.

              (ii)   Registration Rights: At the time of the closing of the
      Public Offering, the Company and the Sponsor shall enter into a
      registration rights agreement (the "Registration Rights Agreement")
      pursuant to which the Company will grant certain registration rights
      to the Sponsor relating to the Sponsor Warrants and the Shares
      underlying the Sponsor Warrants.

Section 2.    Representations and Warranties of the Company.

        As a material inducement to the Sponsor to enter into this 
Agreement and purchase the Sponsor Warrants, the Company hereby represents 
and warrants to the Sponsor (which representations and warranties shall 
survive the Closing Date) that:

        A.    Organization and Corporate Power.    The Company is a 
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the 
laws of the State of Delaware and is qualified to do business in every 
jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would reasonably be 
expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, 
operating results or assets of the Company. The Company

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


possesses all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to carry 
out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Warrant 
Agreement.

        B.    Authorization; No Breach.    

              (i)    The execution, delivery and performance of this
      Agreement and the Sponsor Warrants have been duly authorized by the
      Company as of the Closing Date. This Agreement constitutes the valid
      and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with
      its terms. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to,
      the terms of the Warrant Agreement and this Agreement, the Sponsor
      Warrants will constitute valid and binding obligations of the
      Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms as of the Closing
      Date.

              (ii)   The execution and delivery by the Company of this
      Agreement and the Sponsor Warrants, the issuance and sale of the
      Sponsor Warrants, the issuance of the Shares of common stock upon
      exercise of the Sponsor Warrants and the fulfillment of and
      compliance with the respective terms hereof and thereof by the
      Company, do not and will not as of the Closing Date (a) conflict with
      or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, (b)
      constitute a default under, (c) result in the creation of any lien,
      security interest, charge or encumbrance upon the Company's capital
      stock or assets under, (d) result in a violation of, or (e) require
      any authorization, consent, approval, exemption or other action by or
      notice or declaration to, or filing with, any court or administrative
      or governmental body or agency pursuant to the Certificate of
      Incorporation of the Company or the bylaws of the Company, or any
      material law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is
      subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the
      Company is subject, except for any filings required after the date
      hereof under federal or state securities laws.

        C.    Title to Securities.    Upon issuance in accordance with, and 
payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, the Shares 
issuable upon exercise of the Sponsor Warrants will be duly and validly 
issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Upon issuance in accordance with, and 
payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement, the 
Sponsor will have good title to the Sponsor Warrants and the Shares 
issuable upon exercise of such Sponsor Warrants, free and clear of all 
liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, other than (i) transfer 
restrictions hereunder and under the other agreements contemplated hereby, 
(ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws, and 
(iii) liens, claims or encumbrances imposed due to the actions of the 
Sponsor.

        D.    Governmental Consents.    No permit, consent, approval or 
authorization of, or declaration to or filing with, any governmental 
authority is required in connection with the execution, delivery and 
performance by the Company of this Agreement or the consummation by the 
Company of any other transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 3.    Representations and Warranties of the Sponsor.

        As a material inducement to the Company to enter into this 
Agreement and issue and sell the Sponsor Warrants to the Sponsor, the 
Sponsor hereby represents and warrants to the Company (which 
representations and warranties shall survive the Closing Date) that:

        A.    Organization and Requisite Authority.    The Sponsor is a 
limited partnership duly organized, validly existing and in good standing 
under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Sponsor possesses all 
requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement.

        B.    Authorization; No Breach.    

              (i)    This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding
      obligation of the Sponsor, enforceable in accordance with its terms,
      subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
      reorganization,

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

      moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or
      affecting creditors' rights and to general equitable principles
      (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law).

              (ii)   The execution and delivery by the Sponsor of this
      Agreement and the fulfillment of and compliance with the terms hereof
      by the Sponsor does not and shall not as of the Closing Date conflict
      with or result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of
      the organizational documents of the Sponsor or any other agreement,
      instrument, order, judgment or decree to which the Sponsor is
      subject.

        C.    Investment Representations.    

              (i)    The Sponsor is acquiring the Sponsor Warrants and,
      upon exercise of the Sponsor Warrants, the Shares issuable upon such
      exercise (collectively, the "Securities") for its own account, for
      investment purposes only and not with a view towards, or for resale
      in connection with, any public sale or distribution thereof.

              (ii)   The Sponsor is an "accredited investor" as such term
      is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D.

              (iii)  The Sponsor understands that the Securities are being
      offered and will be sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions
      from the registration requirements of the United States federal and
      state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth
      and accuracy of, and the Sponsor's compliance with, the
      representations and warranties of the Sponsor set forth herein in
      order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the
      eligibility of the Sponsor to acquire such Securities.

              (iv)  The Sponsor did not decide to enter into this Agreement
      as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising within
      the meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, as
      amended (the "Securities Act").

              (v)   The Sponsor has been furnished with all materials
      relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and
      materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities which have
      been requested by the Sponsor. The Sponsor has been afforded the
      opportunity to ask questions of the executive officers and directors
      of the Company. The Sponsor understands that its investment in the
      Securities involves a high degree of risk and it has sought such
      accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to
      make an informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition
      of the Securities.

              (vi)  The Sponsor understands that no United States federal
      or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has
      passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities
      or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities by
      the Sponsor nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the
      merits of the offering of the Securities.

              (vii) The Sponsor understands that: (a) the Securities have
      not been and are not being registered under the Securities Act or any
      state securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold,
      assigned or transferred unless (1) subsequently registered thereunder
      or (2) sold in reliance on an exemption therefrom; and (b) except as
      specifically set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, neither
      the Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register
      the Securities under the Securities Act or any state securities laws
      or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption
      thereunder. In this regard, the Sponsor understands that the
      Securities and Exchange Commission has taken the position that
      promoters or affiliates of a blank check company and their
      transferees, both before and after a Business Combination, are deemed
      to be "underwriters" under the Securities Act when reselling the
      securities of a blank check company. Based on that position, Rule 144
      adopted pursuant to the Securities Act would not be available for
      resale transactions of the Securities despite technical compliance
      with the

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      requirements of such Rule, and the Securities can be resold only
      through a registered offering or in reliance upon another exemption
      from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

              (viii) The Sponsor has such knowledge and experience in
      financial and business matters, knows of the high degree of risk
      associated with investments in the securities of companies in the
      development stage such as the Company, is capable of evaluating the
      merits and risks of an investment in the Securities and is able to
      bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities in the
      amount contemplated hereunder for an indefinite period of time. The
      Sponsor has adequate means of providing for it or his/her current
      financial needs and contingencies and will have no current or
      anticipated future needs for liquidity which would be jeopardized by
      the investment in the Securities. The Sponsor can afford a complete
      loss of its or his investment in the Securities.

Section 4.    Conditions of the Sponsor's Obligations.

        The obligation of the Sponsor to purchase and pay for the Sponsor 
Warrants is subject to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing Date, of 
each of the following conditions:

        A.    Representations and Warranties.    The representations and 
warranties of the Company contained in Section 2 shall be true and correct 
at and as of the Closing Date as though then made.

        B.    Performance.    The Company shall have performed and complied 
with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement 
that are required to be performed or complied with by it on or before the 
Closing Date.

        C.    No Injunction.    No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, 
executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, 
entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental 
authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization 
having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the 
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or 
the Warrant Agreement.

Section 5.    Conditions of the Company's Obligations.

        The obligations of the Company to the Sponsor under this Agreement 
are subject to the fulfillment, on or before the Closing Date, of each of 
the following conditions:

        A.    Representations and Warranties.    The representations and 
warranties of the Sponsor contained in Section 3 shall be true and correct 
at and as of the Closing Date as though then made.

        B.    Performance.    The Sponsor shall have performed and complied 
with all agreements, obligations and conditions contained in this Agreement 
that are required to be performed or complied with by the Sponsor on or 
before the Closing Date.

        C.    Corporate Consents.    The Company shall have obtained the 
consent of its Board of Directors authorizing the execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement and the Warrant Agreement and the issuance 
and sale of the Sponsor Warrants hereunder.

        D.    No Injunction.    No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, 
executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, 
entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental 
authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization 
having authority over the matters contemplated hereby, which prohibits the 
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or 
the Warrant Agreement.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Section 6.    Termination.

        This Agreement may be terminated at any time after [                
  ], 2007 upon the mutual written consent of the Company and the Sponsor if 
the closing of the Public Offering does not occur prior to such date.

Section 7.    Survival of Representations and Warranties.

        All of the representations and warranties contained herein shall 
survive the Closing Date.

Section 8.    Definitions.

        Terms used but not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have 
the meaning assigned to such terms in the Registration Statement.

Section 9.    Transfer and Redemption Restrictions.

        A.    In addition to the transfer restrictions set forth in Section 
3, the Sponsor agrees that it shall not sell or transfer the Sponsor 
Warrants or any underlying Shares until the expiration of 180 days from the 
date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination, 
meeting the requirements to be set forth in the Prospectus, and 
acknowledges that the certificates for the Sponsor Warrants and the Shares 
to be issued upon exercise of the Sponsor Warrants shall contain a legend, 
indicating, among other things, such restriction on transferability.

        B.    Each of the Company and the Sponsor hereby acknowledges and 
agrees that, notwithstanding a call for redemption of the Sponsor Warrants 
by the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement, no 
Sponsor Warrants held by the Sponsor or any of its affiliates at the time 
of such call for redemption shall be redeemable by the Company.

Section 10.    Miscellaneous.

        A.    Successors and Assigns.    Except as otherwise expressly 
provided herein, all covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement 
by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto shall bind and inure to the 
benefit of the respective successors of the parties hereto whether so 
expressed or not. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary 
herein, the parties may not assign this Agreement, other than assignments 
by the Sponsor to affiliates thereof.

        B.    Severability.    Whenever possible, each provision of this 
Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid 
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be 
prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be 
ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without 
invalidating the remainder of this Agreement.

        C.    Counterparts.    This Agreement may be executed 
simultaneously in two or more counterparts, none of which need contain the 
signatures of more than one party, but all such counterparts taken together 
shall constitute one and the same agreement.

        D.    Descriptive Headings; Interpretation.    The descriptive 
headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not 
constitute a substantive part of this Agreement. The use of the word 
"including" in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by 
limitation.

        E.    Governing Law.    This Agreement shall be deemed to be a 
contract made under the laws of the State of Delaware and for all purposes 
shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of 
Delaware.

        F.    Amendments.    This letter agreement may not be amended, 
modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written 
instrument executed by all parties hereto.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this 
Agreement.

  	  	COMPANY:

  	
  	
Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc.

  	
  	
By: 	
    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Joseph B. Armes
Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
Executive Vice President and Secretary
     	  	  	 

  	
  	
SPONSOR:

  	
  	
HH-HACI, L.P.,

  	
  	
By: 	
HH-HACI GP, LLC, its general partner

  	
  	
By: 	
    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  	Name: 	    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  	Title: 	    
------------------------------------------------------------------------

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------



QuickLinks

FORM OF SPONSOR WARRANTS PURCHASE AGREEMENT
AGREEMENT
