 EX-10.77 2 file2.htm SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


11/13/07

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, made as of November 
13, 2007 (this Agreement), by and between Castle Brands Inc., a Delaware 
corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates (the Company), and Mark 
Andrews (the Chairman), an individual residing at 30 Sutton Place, New 
York, New York, 10022;

In consideration of the mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, the 
parties hereto agree, effective as of November 15, 2007, as follows:


AGREEMENT:

1. Employment. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company agrees 
to continue to employ Chairman, and Chairman agrees to accept such 
continued employment, as the non-executive Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Castle Brands Inc. As such, Chairman will have responsibility 
for such job-related duties as shall be mutually agreed to from time to 
time by the Chairman on the one hand and the President and Boards of 
Directors of the Company on the other.

2. Performance of Services. Chairman shall devote such business time, 
attention, skill and efforts to the performance of his duties under this 
Agreement as shall reasonably be necessary to carry out his duties 
hereunder, but shall be free to engage in such other business or occupation 
during the period of his employment as he may choose; provided, however, 
that no such activity conflicts with the interests of the Company or 
interferes with the proper and efficient performance of his duties for the 
Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall preclude 
Chairman from (i) serving as a member of the board of directors or advisory 
boards (or their equivalents in the case of a non-corporate entity) or 
employee of for-profit companies (other than competitors of the Company) or 
charitable organizations, (ii) engaging in charitable activities and 
community affairs and (iii) managing personal and/or family investments and 
affairs; provided, however, that the activities set out in clauses (i), 
(ii) and (iii) shall be limited by Chairman so as not to materially 
interfere or conflict, individually, or in the aggregate, with the 
performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder.

3. Term. Chairman will be employed for a term commencing on the date hereof 
and ending on May 1, 2010 (the Term), unless his employment is terminated 
prior to the expiration of the Term pursuant to Section 6 hereof.

4. Compensation. During the Term of this Agreement the Company agrees to 
pay to Chairman:

(a) Salary. Effective November 15, 2007, a salary (the Base Salary) at 
the rate of $298,267 per year, payable in accordance with the Companys 
standard payroll practices as in effect from time to time; provided, 
however, that following November 15, 2008, the Base Salary shall be 
$100,000 per year. Such Base Salary may be increased (but not
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


decreased) on the basis of periodic reviews, in the sole discretion of the 
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.

(b) Stock Option Grants. Chairman shall be entitled to such options to 
purchase Common Stock of the Company as shall be granted by the 
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.

(c) Incentive Bonus. The Chairman shall be eligible to receive an incentive 
bonus subject to successful achievement of goals and objectives to be 
agreed upon by the Chairman and the Compensation Committee of the Board of 
Directors of the Company.

(d) Other Benefits. Chairman will be entitled to participate, to the extent 
he is eligible under the terms and conditions thereof, in all 
profit-sharing, hospitalization, insurance, medical, disability, or other 
fringe benefit plans generally available to other employees of the Company.

(e) Compliance with Company Policies. The Chairman shall substantially 
comply with all Company practices, policies and procedures of which he 
shall have notice (including the Companys expense policies) as in effect 
from time to time.

5. Expenses. The Company will reimburse Chairman for all expenses 
reasonably incurred by him in connection with the performance of his duties 
hereunder and the business of the Company and affiliates, upon the 
submission to the Company of appropriate invoices therefor in accordance 
with the Companys policies and procedures as in effect from time to time 
for Company employees.

6. Termination.

(a) Termination by the Company Without Cause. The Company may terminate the 
employment of Chairman hereunder at any time without Cause (as hereinafter 
defined). Notice of any such termination must be in writing and will be 
effective upon receipt by Chairman. In the event that the employment of 
Chairman is terminated pursuant to this clause (a) prior to November 15, 
2008, the Company will continue to pay to Chairman the Base Salary per 
annum as in effect on the date of such termination, in accordance with the 
standard payroll practices of the Company as in effect from time to time, 
until November 15, 2008. In addition, in the event that the employment of 
Chairman is terminated pursuant to this clause (a), the annual incentive 
bonus, if any, described in Section 4(c) will be paid with respect to the 
year in which termination occurs (pro rated for the portion of the year in 
which Chairman was so employed). Further, any unvested stock option held by 
the Chairman that would have become vested if Chairman continued employment 
for the twenty-four (24) month period following his termination shall vest 
on the original vesting schedule of such option and such option and any 
options vested prior to termination will be exercisable for three years 
following termination.

(b) Termination by the Company for Cause. The Company may terminate the 
employment of Chairman hereunder for Cause. Executive shall be entitled to 
thirty (30) days prior written notice of the intent to terminate Executive 
hereunder and the right to address and/or cure such Cause. Any such notice 
of intent to terminate for Cause must specify the particular grounds 
therefor in reasonable detail. In the event that the employment of Chairman 
is terminated pursuant to this clause (b), the Company will pay to Chairman 
the amount of all accrued but unpaid Base Salary to the date of such 
termination, but no annual incentive bonus will be paid with respect to the 
year in which termination occurs. As used
 
 
2
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


herein, Cause means Chairmans (i) personal dishonesty, (ii) willful 
misconduct, (iii) breach of fiduciary duty, (iv) failure to substantially 
perform duties relating to Chairmans performance hereunder other than any 
such failure owing to Chairman becoming Disabled (as hereinafter defined) 
as reasonably determined by a majority of the entire Compensation Committee 
of the Board of Directors of the Company, after consultation with the 
President of the Company, (v) conviction of, or the entry by the Chairman 
of any plea of guilty or nolo contendre to, any felony or other lesser 
crime that would require removal from his position at the Company (e.g. any 
alcohol or drug related misdemeanor) or (vi) material breach of any 
provision of this Agreement as reasonably determined by the Compensation 
Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, after consultation with 
the President; provided, however, that in any of the foregoing 
circumstances, Executive has failed to cure such Cause within the thirty 
(30) day period referenced in the second sentence of this Section 6(b). In 
the event Chairman is terminated for Cause solely pursuant to (iv) or (vi) 
above, any stock option held by Chairman that is vested at the time of such 
termination may be exercised until the earlier to occur of (i) the 
expiration date of such option pursuant to its terms and (ii) one year 
after such termination. In the event Chairman is terminated for Cause other 
than solely pursuant to (iv) or (vi) above, any stock option held by 
Chairman shall immediately expire and no longer be exercisable upon such 
termination. Chairman shall be entitled to thirty (30) days prior written 
notice of the intent to terminate Chairman hereunder and the right to 
address and/or cure such Cause. Any such notice of intent to terminate for 
Cause must specify the particular grounds therefor in reasonable detail.

(c) Termination by Chairman. Chairman may terminate his employment 
hereunder (i) at any time without cause or (ii) for Good Reason (as 
hereinafter defined). Notice of any such termination must be in writing and 
will be effective 60 days after receipt by the Company. In the event that 
Chairman terminates employment pursuant to subclause (i) of this clause 
(c), the Company will pay to Chairman the amount of all accrued but unpaid 
Base Salary to the date of such termination, but no annual incentive bonus 
or incentive contribution will be paid with respect to the year in which 
termination occurs. In the event that Chairman terminates employment 
hereunder for Good Reason prior to November 15, 2008, Chairman will be 
entitled to the same salary and bonus payments as would be provided were he 
to be terminated without Cause pursuant to Section 6(a) above. Further, any 
stock option held by Chairman that is vested at the time of Chairmans 
termination pursuant to this clause (c) will be exercisable for the shorter 
of five years or the remainder of the original term of such option and any 
unvested stock option held by the Chairman will vest and will be 
exercisable for the shorter of five years or the remainder of the original 
term of such option. As used herein, Good Reason means a termination by 
Chairman of Chairmans employment hereunder within 90 days after (i) 
dissolution or divestiture of all or substantially all of the Companys 
business, (ii) the Companys material breach of any provision of this 
Agreement which is not cured within 30 business days after written notice 
thereof from Chairman to the Company or (iii) the Chairmans failure, after 
nomination and reasonable effort, to be elected as a director of the 
Corporation.

(d) Termination Upon Death. This Agreement will terminate automatically on 
the death of Chairman. In the event that the employment of Chairman is 
terminated pursuant to this clause (d), the Company will pay to the 
representative of Chairman the amount of all accrued but unpaid Base Salary 
to the date of such termination, the annual incentive bonus, if any, 
described in Section 4(c) with respect to the year in which termination 
occurs (pro rated for the portion of the year in which Chairman was so 
employed) and an amount equal to the aggregate Base Salary that would have 
been earned by Chairman in the one-year

 
 
 
3
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


period between the date of such termination and the first anniversary of 
such date of termination, after giving effect to Section 4(a), if 
applicable, had Chairmans employment continued during such one-year 
period. Further, any stock option held by Chairman that is vested at the 
time of death will be exercisable by Chairmans personal representative or 
estate for a period of two years from date of death and all unvested stock 
options held by Chairman shall fully vest and be exercisable for a period 
of two years from date of death.

(e) Termination by the Company by Reason of Disability. The Company may 
terminate the employment of Chairman hereunder after Chairman becomes 
Disabled (as hereinafter defined). Notice of any such termination must be 
in writing and will be effective thirty days after receipt by Chairman. In 
the event that the employment of Chairman is terminated pursuant to this 
clause (e), the Company will pay to Chairman or his representative the 
amount of all accrued but unpaid Base Salary to the date of such 
termination less the amount, if any, received by Chairman from any 
disability insurance maintained by the Company, the annual incentive bonus 
described in Section 4(c), if any, with respect to the year in which 
termination occurs (pro rated for the portion of the year in which Chairman 
was so employed) and the Company will continue to pay to Chairman the Base 
Salary per annum (as in effect on the date of such termination, but subject 
to the adjustment in Section 4(a) hereof), in accordance with the standard 
payroll practices of the Company as in effect from time to time, for a term 
of twelve (12) months following the date of such termination. Further any 
stock option held by Chairman that is vested at the time of termination for 
disability will be exercisable for a period of two years from date of such 
termination for disability and all unvested stock options held by Chairman 
shall fully vest and be exercisable for a period of two years from date of 
termination for disability. As used herein, the term Disabled means 
Chairman becoming physically or mentally disabled or incapacitated to the 
extent that he has been or will be unable to perform his duties hereunder 
on account of such disabilities or incapacitation for a continuous period 
of six months as determined by a qualified physician or group of physicians 
selected by the Company and approved by Chairman or his representative, 
such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.

(f) Change of Control. A Change of Control shall have occurred if: (i) 
thirty-five percent (35%) or more of the outstanding voting stock of Castle 
Brands Inc. has been acquired by any person (as defined by Section 3(a)(9) 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) other than directly 
from the Company; (ii) there has been a merger or equivalent combination 
involving Castle Brands Inc. after which 49% or more of the voting stock of 
the surviving corporation is held by persons other than former shareholders 
of Castle Brands Inc.; (iii) Castle Brands Inc. sells or disposes of all or 
substantially all of its assets or; (iv) twenty percent (20%) or more of 
the members of the Board of Directors of Castle Brands Inc. elected by 
shareholders are persons who were not nominated in the then most recent 
proxy statement of Castle Brands Inc. In the event that the employment of 
Chairman is terminated following a Change in Control, either by the Company 
without Cause or by Chairman for Good Reason, the Company will continue to 
pay to Chairman the Base Salary per annum (as in effect on the date of such 
termination, but subject to the adjustment in Section 4(a) hereof), in 
accordance with the standard payroll practices of the Company as in effect 
from time to time, for a term of twelve (12) months following the date of 
such termination. In addition, in the event that the employment of Chairman 
is terminated pursuant to this clause (f), the annual incentive bonus 
described in Section 4(c) will be paid to Chairman with respect to the year 
in which termination occurs (pro rated for the portion of the year in which 
Chairman was so employed). Further, all unvested stock options will vest 
without further action on the date of termination and
 
 
4
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


all stock options held by Chairman will be exercisable during the remainder 
of their original term.

7. Confidentiality.

(a) Chairman will not, at any time following the date of this Agreement, 
and regardless of whether Chairman continues to be employed by the Company, 
and if Chairmans employment has been terminated, regardless of the manner, 
reason, time or cause thereof, directly or indirectly reveal, report, 
publish, disclose, transfer or furnish to any person not entitled to 
receive the same, any material Proprietary Information (as hereinafter 
defined). The term Proprietary Information means any material information 
which at the time or times concerns or relates to any aspect of any 
business that the Company or its subsidiaries are involved in or actively 
contemplating (the Business) and which is confidential and proprietary to 
the Business. Proprietary Information includes items, materials and 
information concerning the following: marketing plans or strategies; 
budgets; designs; intellectual property and trade secrets; and product 
plans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Proprietary Information does not 
include any information to the extent it becomes generally known to persons 
engaged in businesses similar to the Business through no fault of Chairman 
or any information which Chairman is required to disclose as a result of a 
subpoena or other legal process.

(b) Upon termination of Chairmans employment with the Company, Chairman 
(or his personal representative) must deliver to the Company whatever 
property described in this Section 7, which is in his possession or 
control, as the Company may request.

8. Representations and Warranties. Chairman represents and warrants to the 
Company that he is not a party to any prior employment agreement or other 
agreement which restricts, interferes with or impairs, or which might be 
claimed to restrict, interfere with or impair, in any way, Chairmans use 
of any information or Chairmans execution or performance of this 
Agreement.

9. Discoveries and Improvements. Chairman acknowledges and agrees that all 
inventions, discoveries, and improvements, whether patentable or 
unpatentable, made, devised, or discovered by Chairman, whether by himself, 
or jointly with others, from the date hereof until the expiration of the 
Term hereof, reasonably deemed to be directly related to the Business, will 
be promptly disclosed in writing to the President (or such other officer as 
the President may designate) of the Company and will be the sole and 
exclusive property of the Company. Chairman agrees to execute any 
assignments to the Company or its nominee of his entire right, title, and 
interest in and to any such inventions, discoveries, and improvements and 
to execute any other instruments and documents requisite or desirable in 
applying for and obtaining patents, copyrights or trademarks at the cost of 
the Company, with respect thereto in the United States and in all foreign 
countries, that may be requested by the Company. Chairman further agrees, 
whether or not in the employ of the Company, to cooperate to the extent and 
in the manner requested by the Company in the prosecution or defense of any 
patent, trademark or copyright claims or any litigation or other proceeding 
involving any inventions, trade secrets, processes, discoveries, or 
improvements covered by this Agreement, but all expenses thereof will be 
paid by the Company.

10. Restrictive Covenants.
 
 
5
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(a) Chairman acknowledges and agrees that his position with the Business 
places him in a position of confidence and trust with respect to 
Proprietary Information. Chairman consequently agrees that it is reasonable 
and necessary for the protection of the goodwill of the Business that 
Chairman make the covenants contained herein. Accordingly, Chairman agrees 
that during the Term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) 
months after the date of termination of Chairmans employment hereunder for 
any reason Chairman will not, without the prior written consent of the 
Company and provided that the Company continues to make payments to the 
Chairman in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 (i) employ, solicit 
or encourage to leave the employ of the Company, or to become employed by 
any person other than the Company, any employee of the Company, (ii) 
persuade or attempt to persuade any customer of the Company as of the date 
of the termination of Chairmans employment, to cease doing business with, 
or to reduce the amount of business it does with, the Company or solicit 
the business of any of the Companys customers as of the date of the 
termination of Chairmans employment hereunder with respect to any product 
or service which competes with the products and services of the Company as 
of the date of termination of Chairmans employment or (iii) compete with 
the Company as a paid consultant to, or employee of, any venture which 
competes with the Business within the United States of America. As used in 
this Section 10, the term Company includes the Company and its 
subsidiaries.

(b) Chairman has carefully considered the nature and extent of the 
restrictions upon him and the rights and remedies conferred upon the 
Company under Sections 10 and 11 of this Agreement and hereby acknowledges 
and agrees that the same are reasonable in time and territory, are designed 
to avoid competition which otherwise would be unfair to the Company, do not 
stifle the inherent skill and experience of Chairman, would not operate as 
a bar to Chairmans sole means of support, are required to protect the 
legitimate interests of the Company and do not confer a benefit upon the 
Company disproportionate to the benefit otherwise afforded him by this 
Agreement.

11. Certain Remedies. The parties hereto acknowledge that in the event of a 
breach or a threatened breach by Chairman of any of his obligations under 
Sections 7, 9 or 10 of this Agreement the Company will not have an adequate 
remedy at law. Accordingly, in the event of any such breach or threatened 
breach by Chairman, the Company will be entitled to such equitable and 
injunctive relief as may be available to restrain Chairman and any 
business, firm, partnership, individual, corporation or entity 
participating in such breach or threatened breach from the violation of the 
provisions hereof, and nothing herein will be construed as prohibiting the 
Company from pursuing any other remedies available at law or in equity for 
such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of damages.

12. Notices. All notices hereunder must be in writing and addressed to the 
Secretary of the Company at 570 Lexington Avenue, 29th Floor, New York, NY 
10022 and to Chairman at the address listed above. Each such address for 
notice may be changed by notice of such change given to the other party 
hereto. All such notices will be effective upon receipt.

13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of 
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes 
all prior or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, of the 
parties hereto or affiliate relating to the subject matter hereof. No 
amendment, waiver or modification hereof will be valid or binding unless 
made in writing and signed by the parties hereto (in the case of an 
amendment or modification) or by the party against whom enforcement is 
sought (in the case of a waiver).
 
 
6
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


14. Governing Law/Arbitration. This Agreement will be governed, interpreted 
and construed according to the internal laws of the State of New York 
without regard to conflict of laws principles. Any controversy or claim 
arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement or the breach thereof, must 
be promptly settled by arbitration by a panel of three arbitrators in New 
York, New York, in accordance with the Commercial Rules then obtaining of 
the American Arbitration Association, and judgment upon the award rendered 
may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. It is expressly 
understood that the arbitrator will have the authority to grant legal and 
equitable relief, including both temporary restraints and preliminary 
injunctive relief to the same extent as could a court of competent 
jurisdiction, and that the arbitrator is empowered to order either side to 
fully cooperate in promptly resolving any controversies or claims under 
this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a breach or 
threatened breach by Chairman of any provision of Section 7, 9 or 10 of 
this Agreement, the Company will be entitled to seek an injunction from any 
court of competent jurisdiction and Chairman hereby submits to the personal 
jurisdiction of any such court.

15. Severability. Should any part of this Agreement be held or declared to 
be void or illegal for any reason by an arbitrator or court of competent 
jurisdiction, such provision will be ineffective, but all other parts of 
this Agreement which can be effected without such illegal part will 
nevertheless remain in full force and effect.

16. Headings. The Section headings contained in this Agreement are for 
reference purposes only and will not affect the meaning or interpretation 
of this Agreement.

17. Withholding. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, all payments 
required to be made by the Company hereunder to Chairman will be subject to 
withholding of such amounts relating to taxes as the Company may reasonably 
determine it should withhold pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.

18. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original, but all of 
which will collectively constitute a single original.

19. No Reliance; Opportunity to Consult with Counsel. The parties hereto 
each represent to the other that in executing this Agreement each does not 
rely upon, and has not relied upon, any representation or statement not set 
forth herein with regard to the subject matter, basis or effect of this 
Agreement or otherwise. Chairman acknowledges that he has had an 
opportunity to consult with an attorney of his choice prior to executing 
this Agreement.

20. No Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor the right to receive any 
payments hereunder may be assigned by Chairman except as provided for 
herein. This Agreement will be binding upon Chairman, his heirs, executors 
and administrators and upon the Company, its successors and assigns.

21. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with any agreements executed 
by the Company and Chairman in respect of awards under any equity, benefit 
or welfare plan, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the 
parties hereto regarding the employment of Chairman. This Agreement 
supersedes all prior negotiations, discussions, correspondence, 
communications, understandings and agreements between the parties relating 
to the subject matter of this Agreement, including, without limitation, 
that certain Amended and
 
 
7
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2005, by and between the 
Company and the Chairman.

22. Survival. The provisions of Sections 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 14, 15, 17, 20, 
21 and this Section 22 will survive the termination or expiration of this 
Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed as of the day and year first above written.
 
Castle Brands Inc.
 
Chairman
  	  	  	  	 
By: 
/s/ Seth Weinberg
 
By: 
/s/ Mark Andrews
 
Name: 
Seth Weinberg
 
 
Name: Mark Andrews
 
Title: 
Senior Vice President,
General Counsel & Secretary
 
 
 
 
 
8
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------