 EX-10.11 17 a2179424zex-10_11.htm EXHIBIT 10.11
QuickLinks -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document

Exhibit 10.11


FORM OF SECURITIES ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

        This Securities Assignment Agreement (this "Assignment"), dated as 
of              , 2007, is made and entered into by and among HH-HACI, 
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Seller") and the parties 
identified on the signature page hereto (each a "Buyer" and collectively, 
the "Buyers").

        WHEREAS, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
this Assignment, the Seller wishes to assign (i) an aggregate of 230,000 
shares of common stock ("Common Stock") of the Hick Acquisition Company I, 
Inc. (the "Company") (the "Shares") and (ii) an aggregate of 230,000 
warrants, each warrant entitling the holders thereof to purchase one share 
of Common Stock (the "Warrants" and together with the Shares, the "
Securities"), to the Buyers and the Buyers wish to purchase the Securities 
from the Seller.

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, representations, 
warranties and the mutual covenants contained in this Assignment, and for 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt, sufficiency and 
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to 
be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

        Section 1    Assignment of Securities.    Seller hereby assigns the 
Securities to the Buyers, with each Buyer receiving 57,500 shares of Common 
Stock and 57,500 Warrants. The Buyers have paid to the Seller an aggregate 
amount of Five Hundred and Seventy Five Dollars ($575) (the "Purchase Price
"), in consideration of the assignment. Within a reasonable time after the 
date hereof, (i) the Seller shall deliver to the Company for cancellation 
the securities representing the Common Stock and Warrants held by the 
Seller, (ii) the Company shall re-issue to the Seller certificates 
representing the Common Stock and Warrants held by the Seller after giving 
effect to the sale of the Securities to the Buyers and (iii) the Company 
shall issue and deliver to the Buyers certificates representing the 
Securities purchased by the Buyers.

        Section 2    No Conflicts.    Each party represents and warrants 
that neither the execution and delivery of this Assignment by such, nor the 
consummation or performance by such party of any of transactions 
contemplated hereby, will with or without notice or lapse of time, 
constitute, create or result in a breach or violation of, default under, 
loss of benefit or right under or acceleration of performance of any 
obligation required under any agreement to which it is a party.

        Section 3    Investment Representations.    Each Buyer represents 
and warrants, with respect to himself only, as follows: Such Buyer hereby 
acknowledges that an investment in the Securities involves certain 
significant risks. Such Buyer has no need for liquidity in its investment 
in the Securities for the foreseeable future and is able to bear the risk 
of that investment for an indefinite period. Such Buyer acknowledges and 
hereby agrees that the Securities will not be transferable under any 
circumstances unless the Buyer either registers the Securities in 
accordance with federal and state securities laws or finds and complies 
with an exemption under such laws and such transfer complies with all 
applicable lock-up restrictions on such Buyer. Such Buyer further 
understands that any certificates evidencing the Securities bear a legend 
referring to the foregoing transfer restrictions. The Securities are being 
acquired solely for such Buyer's own account, for investment purposes only, 
and are not being purchased with a view to or for the resale, distribution, 
subdivision or fractionalization thereof; and such Buyer has no present 
plans to enter into any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement for 
such resale, distribution, subdivision or fractionalization. Such Buyer has 
been given the opportunity to (i) ask questions of and receive answers from 
the Seller and the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the 
Securities, and the business and financial condition of the Company and 
(ii) obtain any additional information that the Seller possesses or can 
acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to assist 
such Buyer in evaluating the advisability of the purchase of the Securities 
and an investment in the Company. Such Buyer is not relying on any oral 
representation made by any person as to the Company or its operations, 
financial condition or prospects. Such Buyer is an "accredited investor" as 
defined in Regulation D promulgated by the Securities and Exchange 
Commission under the Securities Act of 1933.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Section 4    Miscellaneous.    This Assignment, together with the 
certificates, documents, instruments and writings that are delivered 
pursuant hereto, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the 
parties hereto in respect of its subject matter. This Assignment may be 
executed in two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an 
original but all of which together will constitute one and the same 
instrument. This Assignment may not be amended, modified or waived as to 
any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all 
parties hereto. Except as otherwise provided herein, no party hereto may 
assign either this Assignment or any of its rights, interests, or 
obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other 
party.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Assignment to be 
effective as of the date first set forth above.

  	  	HH-HACI, L.P.

  	
  	
By: 	
  
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  	Name: 	  
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  	Title: 	  
------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	
  	
  
------------------------------------------------------------------------
William H. Cunningham

  	
  	
  
------------------------------------------------------------------------
William A. Montgomery

  	
  	
  
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Brian Mulroney

  	
  	
  
------------------------------------------------------------------------
William F. Quinn
------------------------------------------------------------------------



QuickLinks

FORM OF SECURITIES ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT
