 EX-10.5 4 c50984_ex10-5.htm

Master Repurchase
Agreement

September 1996 Version

Dated as of

Between:

and

1. 	

Applicability

 
  	

From time to time the parties hereto may enter into transactions in which 
one party (Seller) agrees to transfer to the other (Buyer) securities 
or other assets (Securities) against the transfer of funds by Buyer, with 
a simultaneous agreement by Buyer to transfer to Seller such Securities at 
a date certain or on demand, against the transfer of funds by Seller. Each 
such transaction shall be referred to herein as a Transaction and, unless 
otherwise agreed in writing, shall be governed by this Agreement, including 
any supplemental terms or conditions contained in Annex I hereto and in any 
other annexes identified herein or therein as applicable hereunder.

 
2. 	

Definitions

 
  	 (a) 	

Act of Insolvency, with respect to any party, (i) the commencement by 
such party as debtor of any case or proceeding under any bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, moratorium, dissolution, 
delinquency or similar law, or such party seeking the appointment or 
election of a receiver, conservator, trustee, custodian or similar official 
for such party or any substantial part of its property, or the convening of 
any meeting of creditors for purposes of commencing any such case or 
proceeding or seeking such an appointment or election, (ii) the 
commencement of any such case or proceeding against such party, or another 
seeking such an appointment or election, or the filing against a party of 
an application for a protective decree under the provisions of the 
Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970, which (A) is consented to or 
not timely contested by such party, (B) results in the entry of an order 
for relief, such an appointment or election, the issuance of such a 
protective decree or the entry of an order having a similar effect, or (C) 
is not dismissed within 15 days, (iii) the making by such party of a 
general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (iv) the admission in 
writing by such party of such partys inability to pay such partys debts 
as they become due;

 
  	 (b) 	

Additional Purchased Securities, Securities provided by Seller to Buyer 
pursuant to Paragraph 4(a) hereof;

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	 (c) 	

Buyers Margin Amount, with respect to any Transaction as of any date, 
the amount obtained by application of the Buyers Margin Percentage to the 
Repurchase Price for such Transaction as of such date;

 
  	 (d) 	

Buyers Margin Percentage, with respect to any Transaction as of any 
date, a percentage (which may be equal to the Sellers Margin Percentage) 
agreed to by Buyer and Seller or, in the absence of any such agreement, the 
percentage obtained by dividing the Market Value of the Purchased 
Securities on the Purchase Date by the Purchase Price on the Purchase Date 
for such Transaction;

 
  	 (e) 	

Confirmation, the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(b) hereof;

 
  	 (f) 	

Income, with respect to any Security at any time, any principal thereof 
and all interest, dividends or other distributions thereon;

 
  	 (g) 	

Margin Deficit, the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(a) hereof;

 
  	 (h) 	

Margin Excess, the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(b) hereof;

 
  	 (i) 	

Margin Notice Deadline, the time agreed to by the parties in the relevant 
Confirmation, Annex I hereto or otherwise as the deadline for giving notice 
requiring same-day satisfaction of margin maintenance obligations as 
provided in Paragraph 4 hereof (or, in the absence of any such agreement, 
the deadline for such purposes established in accordance with market 
practice);

 
  	 (j) 	

Market Value, with respect to any Securities as of any date, the price 
for such Securities on such date obtained from a generally recognized 
source agreed to by the parties or the most recent closing bid quotation 
from such a source, plus accrued Income to the extent not included therein 
(other than any Income credited or transferred to, or applied to the 
obligations of, Seller pursuant to Paragraph 5 hereof) as of such date 
(unless contrary to market practice for such Securities);

 
  	 (k) 	

Price Differential, with respect to any Transaction as of any date, the 
aggregate amount obtained by daily application of the Pricing Rate for such 
Transaction to the Purchase Price for such Transaction on a 360 day per 
year basis for the actual number of days during the period commencing on 
(and including) the Purchase Date for such Transaction and ending on (but 
excluding) the date of determination (reduced by any amount of such Price 
Differential previously paid by Seller to Buyer with respect to such 
Transaction);

 
  	 (l) 	

Pricing Rate, the per annum percentage rate for determination of the 
Price Differential;

 
  	 (m) 	

Prime Rate, the prime rate of U.S. commercial banks as published in The 
Wall Street Journal (or, if more than one such rate is published, the 
average of such rates);

 
  	 (n) 	

Purchase Date, the date on which Purchased Securities are to be 
transferred by Seller to Buyer;

 
  	 (o) 	

Purchase Price, (i) on the Purchase Date, the price at which Purchased 
Securities are transferred by Seller to Buyer, and (ii) thereafter, except 
where Buyer and Seller agree otherwise, such price increased by the amount 
of any cash transferred by Buyer to Seller pursuant to Paragraph 4(b) 
hereof and decreased by the amount of any cash transferred by

 

- 2 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	

Seller to Buyer pursuant to Paragraph 4(a) hereof or applied to reduce 
Sellers obligations under clause (ii) of Paragraph 5 hereof;

 
  	 (p) 	

Purchased Securities, the Securities transferred by Seller to Buyer in a 
Transaction hereunder, and any Securities substituted therefor in 
accordance with Paragraph 9 hereof.

 
  	  	

The term Purchased Securities with respect to any Transaction at any time 
also shall include Additional Purchased Securities delivered pursuant to 
Paragraph 4(a) hereof and shall exclude Securities returned pursuant to 
Paragraph 4(b) hereof; (q) Repurchase Date, the date on which Seller is 
to repurchase the Purchased Securities from Buyer, including any date 
determined by application of the provisions of Paragraph 3(c) or 11 hereof;

 
  	 (r) 	

Repurchase Price, the price at which Purchased Securities are to be 
transferred from Buyer to Seller upon termination of a Transaction, which 
will be determined in each case (including Transactions terminable upon 
demand) as the sum of the Purchase Price and the Price Differential as of 
the date of such determination;

 
  	 (s) 	

Sellers Margin Amount, with respect to any Transaction as of any date, 
the amount obtained by application of the Sellers Margin Percentage to the 
Repurchase Price for such Transaction as of such date;

 
  	 (t) 	

Sellers Margin Percentage, with respect to any Transaction as of any 
date, a percentage (which may be equal to the Buyers Margin Percentage) 
agreed to by Buyer and Seller or, in the absence of any such agreement, the 
percentage obtained by dividing the Market Value of the Purchased 
Securities on the Purchase Date by the Purchase Price on the Purchase Date 
for such Transaction.

 
3. 	

Initiation; Confirmation; Termination

 
  	 (a) 	

An agreement to enter into a Transaction may be made orally or in writing 
at the initiation of either Buyer or Seller. On the Purchase Date for the 
Transaction, the Purchased Securities shall be transferred to Buyer or its 
agent against the transfer of the Purchase Price to an account of Seller.

 
  	 (b) 	

Upon agreeing to enter into a Transaction hereunder, Buyer or Seller (or 
both), as shall be agreed, shall promptly deliver to the other party a 
written confirmation of each Transaction (a Confirmation). The 
Confirmation shall describe the Purchased Securities (including CUSIP 
number, if any), identify Buyer and Seller and set forth (i) the Purchase 
Date, (ii) the Purchase Price, (iii) the Repurchase Date, unless the 
Transaction is to be terminable on demand, (iv) the Pricing Rate or 
Repurchase Price applicable to the Transaction, and (v) any additional 
terms or conditions of the Transaction not inconsistent with this 
Agreement. The Confirmation, together with this Agreement, shall constitute 
conclusive evidence of the terms agreed between Buyer and Seller with 
respect to the Transaction to which the Confirmation relates, unless with 
respect to the Confirmation specific objection is made promptly after 
receipt thereof. In the event of any conflict between the terms of such 
Confirmation and this Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail.

 
  	 (c) 	

In the case of Transactions terminable upon demand, such demand shall be 
made by Buyer or Seller, no later than such time as is customary in 
accordance with market

 

- 3 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	

 

practice, by telephone or otherwise on or prior to the business day on 
which such termination will be effective. On the date specified in such 
demand, or on the date fixed for termination in the case of Transactions 
having a fixed term, termination of the Transaction will be effected by 
transfer to Seller or its agent of the Purchased Securities and any Income 
in respect thereof received by Buyer (and not previously credited or 
transferred to, or applied to the obligations of, Seller pursuant to 
Paragraph 5 hereof) against the transfer of the Repurchase Price to an 
account of Buyer.
 
4. 	

Margin Maintenance

 
  	 (a) 	

If at any time the aggregate Market Value of all Purchased Securities 
subject to all Transactions in which a particular party hereto is acting as 
Buyer is less than the aggregate Buyers Margin Amount for all such 
Transactions (a Margin Deficit), then Buyer may by notice to Seller 
require Seller in such Transactions, at Sellers option, to transfer to 
Buyer cash or additional Securities reasonably acceptable to Buyer 
(Additional Purchased Securities), so that the cash and aggregate Market 
Value of the Purchased Securities, including any such Additional Purchased 
Securities, will thereupon equal or exceed such aggregate Buyers Margin 
Amount (decreased by the amount of any Margin Deficit as of such date 
arising from any Transactions in which such Buyer is acting as Seller).

 
  	 (b) 	

If at any time the aggregate Market Value of all Purchased Securities 
subject to all Transactions in which a particular party hereto is acting as 
Seller exceeds the aggregate Sellers Margin Amount for all such 
Transactions at such time (a Margin Excess), then Seller may by notice to 
Buyer require Buyer in such Transactions, at Buyers option, to transfer 
cash or Purchased Securities to Seller, so that the aggregate Market Value 
of the Purchased Securities, after deduction of any such cash or any 
Purchased Securities so transferred, will thereupon not exceed such 
aggregate Sellers Margin Amount (increased by the amount of any Margin 
Excess as of such date arising from any Transactions in which such Seller 
is acting as Buyer).

 
  	 (c) 	

If any notice is given by Buyer or Seller under subparagraph (a) or (b) of 
this Paragraph at or before the Margin Notice Deadline on any business day, 
the party receiving such notice shall transfer cash or Additional Purchased 
Securities as provided in such subparagraph no later than the close of 
business in the relevant market on such day. If any such notice is given 
after the Margin Notice Deadline, the party receiving such notice shall 
transfer such cash or Securities no later than the close of business in the 
relevant market on the next business day following such notice.

 
  	 (d) 	

Any cash transferred pursuant to this Paragraph shall be attributed to such 
Transactions as shall be agreed upon by Buyer and Seller.

 
  	 (e) 	

Seller and Buyer may agree, with respect to any or all Transactions 
hereunder, that the respective rights of Buyer or Seller (or both) under 
subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this Paragraph may be exercised only where a 
Margin Deficit or Margin Excess, as the case may be, exceeds a specified 
dollar amount or a specified percentage of the Repurchase Prices for such 
Transactions (which amount or percentage shall be agreed to by Buyer and 
Seller prior to entering into any such Transactions).

 

- 4 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	 (f) 	

Seller and Buyer may agree, with respect to any or all Transactions 
hereunder, that the respective rights of Buyer and Seller under 
subparagraphs (a) and (b) of this Paragraph to require the elimination of a 
Margin Deficit or a Margin Excess, as the case may be, may be exercised 
whenever such a Margin Deficit or Margin Excess exists with respect to any 
single Transaction hereunder (calculated without regard to any other 
Transaction outstanding under this Agreement).

 
5. 	

Income Payments

 
  	

Seller shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to all Income paid or 
distributed on or in respect of the Securities that is not otherwise 
received by Seller, to the full extent it would be so entitled if the 
Securities had not been sold to Buyer. Buyer shall, as the parties may 
agree with respect to any Transaction (or, in the absence of any such 
agreement, as Buyer shall reasonably determine in its discretion), on the 
date such Income is paid or distributed either (i) transfer to or credit to 
the account of Seller such Income with respect to any Purchased Securities 
subject to such Transaction or (ii) with respect to Income paid in cash, 
apply the Income payment or payments to reduce the amount, if any, to be 
transferred to Buyer by Seller upon termination of such Transaction. Buyer 
shall not be obligated to take any action pursuant to the preceding 
sentence (A) to the extent that such action would result in the creation of 
a Margin Deficit, unless prior thereto or simultaneously therewith Seller 
transfers to Buyer cash or Additional Purchased Securities sufficient to 
eliminate such Margin Deficit, or (B) if an Event of Default with respect 
to Seller has occurred and is then continuing at the time such Income is 
paid or distributed.

 
6. 	

Security Interest

 
  	

Although the parties intend that all Transactions hereunder be sales and 
purchases and not loans, in the event any such Transactions are deemed to 
be loans, Seller shall be deemed to have pledged to Buyer as security for 
the performance by Seller of its obligations under each such Transaction, 
and shall be deemed to have granted to Buyer a security interest in, all of 
the Purchased Securities with respect to all Transactions hereunder and all 
Income thereon and other proceeds thereof.

 
7. 	

Payment and Transfer

 
  	

Unless otherwise mutually agreed, all transfers of funds hereunder shall be 
in immediately available funds. All Securities transferred by one party 
hereto to the other party (i) shall be in suitable form for transfer or 
shall be accompanied by duly executed instruments of transfer or assignment 
in blank and such other documentation as the party receiving possession may 
reasonably request, (ii) shall be transferred on the book-entry system of a 
Federal Reserve Bank, or (iii) shall be transferred by any other method 
mutually acceptable to Seller and Buyer.

 
8. 	

Segregation of Purchased Securities

 
  	

To the extent required by applicable law, all Purchased Securities in the 
possession of Seller shall be segregated from other securities in its 
possession and shall be identified as subject to this Agreement. 
Segregation may be accomplished by appropriate identification on the books 
and records of the holder, including a financial or securities intermediary 
or a clearing corporation. All of Sellers interest in the Purchased 
Securities shall pass to Buyer on the Purchase Date and, unless otherwise 
agreed by Buyer and Seller, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Buyer

 

- 5 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	

 

from engaging in repurchase transactions with the Purchased Securities or 
otherwise selling, transferring, pledging or hypothecating the Purchased 
Securities, but no such transaction shall relieve Buyer of its obligations 
to transfer Purchased Securities to Seller pursuant to Paragraph 3, 4 or 11 
hereof, or of Buyers obligation to credit or pay Income to, or apply 
Income to the obligations of, Seller pursuant to Paragraph 5 hereof.
 
  	

 

Required Disclosure for Transactions in Which the Seller Retains Custody of 
the Purchased Securities

Seller is not permitted to substitute other securities for those subject to 
this Agreement and therefore must keep Buyers securities segregated at all 
times, unless in this Agreement Buyer grants Seller the right to substitute 
other securities. If Buyer grants the right to substitute, this means that 
Buyers securities will likely be commingled with Sellers own securities 
during the trading day. Buyer is advised that, during any trading day that 
Buyers securities are commingled with Sellers securities, they [will]* 
[may]** be subject to liens granted by Seller to [its clearing bank]* 
[third parties]** and may be used by Seller for deliveries on other 
securities transactions. Whenever the securities are commingled, Sellers 
ability to resegregate substitute securities for Buyer will be subject to 
Sellers ability to satisfy [the clearing]* [any]** lien or to obtain 
substitute securities.

  	

 

* Language to be used under 17 C.F.R. ß403.4(e) if Seller is a government 
securities broker or dealer other than a financial institution.
  	  	** Language to be used under 17 C.F.R. ß403.5(d) if Seller is a 
financial institution.
 
9. 	

Substitution

 
  	 (a) 	

Seller may, subject to agreement with and acceptance by Buyer, substitute 
other Securities for any Purchased Securities. Such substitution shall be 
made by transfer to Buyer of such other Securities and transfer to Seller 
of such Purchased Securities. After substitution, the substituted 
Securities shall be deemed to be Purchased Securities.

 
  	 (b) 	

In Transactions in which Seller retains custody of Purchased Securities, 
the parties expressly agree that Buyer shall be deemed, for purposes of 
subparagraph (a) of this Paragraph, to have agreed to and accepted in this 
Agreement substitution by Seller of other Securities for Purchased 
Securities; provided, however, that such other Securities shall have a 
Market Value at least equal to the Market Value of the Purchased Securities 
for which they are substituted.

 
10. 	

Representations

 
  	

Each of Buyer and Seller represents and warrants to the other that (i) it 
is duly authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement, to enter into 
Transactions contemplated hereunder and to perform its obligations 
hereunder and has taken all necessary action to authorize such execution, 
delivery and performance, (ii) it will engage in such Transactions as 
principal (or, if agreed in writing, in the form of an annex hereto or 
otherwise, in advance of any Transaction by the other party hereto, as 
agent for a disclosed principal), (iii) the person signing this Agreement 
on its behalf is duly authorized to do so on its behalf (or on behalf of 
any such disclosed principal), (iv) it has obtained all authorizations of 
any governmental body required in connection with this Agreement and the 
Transactions hereunder and such authorizations are in full force and effect 
and (v) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the 
Transactions hereunder

 

- 6 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	

will not violate any law, ordinance, charter, bylaw or rule applicable to 
it or any agreement by which it is bound or by which any of its assets are 
affected. On the Purchase Date for any Transaction Buyer and Seller shall 
each be deemed to repeat all the foregoing representations made by it.

 
11. 	

Events of Default

 
  	

In the event that (i) Seller fails to transfer or Buyer fails to purchase 
Purchased Securities upon the applicable Purchase Date, (ii) Seller fails 
to repurchase or Buyer fails to transfer Purchased Securities upon the 
applicable Repurchase Date, (iii) Seller or Buyer fails to comply with 
Paragraph 4 hereof, (iv) Buyer fails, after one business days notice, to 
comply with Paragraph 5 hereof, (v) an Act of Insolvency occurs with 
respect to Seller or Buyer, (vi) any representation made by Seller or Buyer 
shall have been incorrect or untrue in any material respect when made or 
repeated or deemed to have been made or repeated, or (vii) Seller or Buyer 
shall admit to the other its inability to, or its intention not to, perform 
any of its obligations hereunder (each an Event of Default):

 
  	 (a) 	

The nondefaulting party may, at its option (which option shall be deemed to 
have been exercised immediately upon the occurrence of an Act of 
Insolvency), declare an Event of Default to have occurred hereunder and, 
upon the exercise or deemed exercise of such option, the Repurchase Date 
for each Transaction hereunder shall, if it has not already occurred, be 
deemed immediately to occur (except that, in the event that the Purchase 
Date for any Transaction has not yet occurred as of the date of such 
exercise or deemed exercise, such Transaction shall be deemed immediately 
canceled). The nondefaulting party shall (except upon the occurrence of an 
Act of Insolvency) give notice to the defaulting party of the exercise of 
such option as promptly as practicable.

 
  	 (b) 	

In all Transactions in which the defaulting party is acting as Seller, if 
the nondefaulting party exercises or is deemed to have exercised the option 
referred to in subparagraph (a) of this Paragraph, (i) the defaulting 
partys obligations in such Transactions to repurchase all Purchased 
Securities, at the Repurchase Price therefor on the Repurchase Date 
determined in accordance with subparagraph (a) of this Paragraph, shall 
thereupon become immediately due and payable, (ii) all Income paid after 
such exercise or deemed exercise shall be retained by the nondefaulting 
party and applied to the aggregate unpaid Repurchase Prices and any other 
amounts owing by the defaulting party hereunder, and (iii) the defaulting 
party shall immediately deliver to the nondefaulting party any Purchased 
Securities subject to such Transactions then in the defaulting partys 
possession or control.

 
  	 (c) 	

In all Transactions in which the defaulting party is acting as Buyer, upon 
tender by the nondefaulting party of payment of the aggregate Repurchase 
Prices for all such Transactions, all right, title and interest in and 
entitlement to all Purchased Securities subject to such Transactions shall 
be deemed transferred to the nondefaulting party, and the defaulting party 
shall deliver all such Purchased Securities to the nondefaulting party.

 
  	 (d) 	

If the nondefaulting party exercises or is deemed to have exercised the 
option referred to in subparagraph (a) of this Paragraph, the nondefaulting 
party, without prior notice to the defaulting party, may:

 

- 7 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	  	

(i)

as to Transactions in which the defaulting party is acting as Seller, (A) 
immediately sell, in a recognized market (or otherwise in a commercially 
reasonable manner) at such price or prices as the nondefaulting party may 
reasonably deem satisfactory, any or all Purchased Securities subject to 
such Transactions and apply the proceeds thereof to the aggregate unpaid 
Repurchase Prices and any other amounts owing by the defaulting party 
hereunder or (B) in its sole discretion elect, in lieu of selling all or a 
portion of such Purchased Securities, to give the defaulting party credit 
for such Purchased Securities in an amount equal to the price therefor on 
such date, obtained from a generally recognized source or the most recent 
closing bid quotation from such a source, against the aggregate unpaid 
Repurchase Prices and any other amounts owing by the defaulting party 
hereunder; and
 
  	  	

(ii)

as to Transactions in which the defaulting party is acting as Buyer, (A) 
immediately purchase, in a recognized market (or otherwise in a 
commercially reasonable manner) at such price or prices as the 
nondefaulting party may reasonably deem satisfactory, securities 
(Replacement Securities) of the same class and amount as any Purchased 
Securities that are not delivered by the defaulting party to the 
nondefaulting party as required hereunder or (B) in its sole discretion 
elect, in lieu of purchasing Replacement Securities, to be deemed to have 
purchased Replacement Securities at the price therefor on such date, 
obtained from a generally recognized source or the most recent closing 
offer quotation from such a source.
 
  	  	

Unless otherwise provided in Annex I, the parties acknowledge and agree 
that (1) the Securities subject to any Transaction hereunder are 
instruments traded in a recognized market, (2) in the absence of a 
generally recognized source for prices or bid or offer quotations for any 
Security, the nondefaulting party may establish the source therefor in its 
sole discretion and (3) all prices, bids and offers shall be determined 
together with accrued Income (except to the extent contrary to market 
practice with respect to the relevant Securities).

 
  	 (e) 	

As to Transactions in which the defaulting party is acting as Buyer, the 
defaulting party shall be liable to the nondefaulting party for any excess 
of the price paid (or deemed paid) by the nondefaulting party for 
Replacement Securities over the Repurchase Price for the Purchased 
Securities replaced thereby and for any amounts payable by the defaulting 
party under Paragraph 5 hereof or otherwise hereunder.

 
  	 (f) 	

For purposes of this Paragraph 11, the Repurchase Price for each 
Transaction hereunder in respect of which the defaulting party is acting as 
Buyer shall not increase above the amount of such Repurchase Price for such 
Transaction determined as of the date of the exercise or deemed exercise by 
the nondefaulting party of the option referred to in subparagraph (a) of 
this Paragraph.

 
  	 (g) 	

The defaulting party shall be liable to the nondefaulting party for (i) the 
amount of all reasonable legal or other expenses incurred by the 
nondefaulting party in connection with or as a result of an Event of 
Default, (ii) damages in an amount equal to the cost (including all fees, 
expenses and commissions) of entering into replacement transactions and 
entering into or terminating hedge transactions in connection with or as a 
result of an Event of Default, and (iii) any other loss, damage, cost or 
expense directly arising or resulting from the occurrence of an Event of 
Default in respect of a Transaction.

 

- 8 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	(h) 	To the extent permitted by applicable law, the defaulting party 
shall be liable to the nondefaulting party for interest on any amounts 
owing by the defaulting party hereunder, from the date the defaulting party 
becomes liable for such amounts hereunder until such amounts are (i) paid 
in full by the defaulting party or (ii) satisfied in full by the exercise 
of the nondefaulting partys rights hereunder. Interest on any sum payable 
by the defaulting party to the nondefaulting party under this Paragraph 
11(h) shall be at a rate equal to the greater of the Pricing Rate for the 
relevant Transaction or the Prime Rate.
  	  	 
  	(i) 	The nondefaulting party shall have, in addition to its rights 
hereunder, any rights otherwise available to it under any other agreement 
or applicable law.
  	  	 
12. 	Single Agreement
  	  	 
  	Buyer and Seller acknowledge that, and have entered hereinto and will 
enter into each Transaction hereunder in consideration of and in reliance 
upon the fact that, all Transactions hereunder constitute a single business 
and contractual relationship and have been made in consideration of each 
other. Accordingly, each of Buyer and Seller agrees (i) to perform all of 
its obligations in respect of each Transaction hereunder, and that a 
default in the performance of any such obligations shall constitute a 
default by it in respect of all Transactions hereunder, (ii) that each of 
them shall be entitled to set off claims and apply property held by them in 
respect of any Transaction against obligations owing to them in respect of 
any other Transactions hereunder and (iii) that payments, deliveries and 
other transfers made by either of them in respect of any Transaction shall 
be deemed to have been made in consideration of payments, deliveries and 
other transfers in respect of any other Transactions hereunder, and the 
obligations to make any such payments, deliveries and other transfers may 
be applied against each other and netted.
  	 
13. 	Notices and Other Communications
  	  	 
  	Any and all notices, statements, demands or other communications 
hereunder may be given by a party to the other by mail, facsimile, 
telegraph, messenger or otherwise to the address specified in Annex II 
hereto, or so sent to such party at any other place specified in a notice 
of change of address hereafter received by the other. All notices, demands 
and requests hereunder may be made orally, to be confirmed promptly in 
writing, or by other communication as specified in the preceding sentence.
  	 
14. 	Entire Agreement; Severability
  	 
  	This Agreement shall supersede any existing agreements between the 
parties containing general terms and conditions for repurchase 
transactions. Each provision and agreement herein shall be treated as 
separate and independent from any other provision or agreement herein and 
shall be enforceable notwithstanding the unenforceability of any such other 
provision or agreement.
  	 
15. 	Non-assignability; Termination
  	  	 
  	(a) 	The rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement and 
under any Transaction shall not be assigned by either party without the 
prior written consent of the other party, and any such assignment without 
the prior written consent of the other party shall be null and void. 
Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement and any Transactions shall be 
binding


- 9 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	  	upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their 
respective successors and assigns. This Agreement may be terminated by 
either party upon giving written notice to the other, except that this 
Agreement shall, notwithstanding such notice, remain applicable to any 
Transactions then outstanding.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	Subparagraph (a) of this Paragraph 15 shall not preclude a party 
from assigning, charging or otherwise dealing with all or any part of its 
interest in any sum payable to it under Paragraph 11 hereof.
  	  	 
16. 	Governing Law
  	 
  	This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York 
without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof.
  	 
17. 	No Waivers, Etc.
  	 
  	No express or implied waiver of any Event of Default by either party 
shall constitute a waiver of any other Event of Default and no exercise of 
any remedy hereunder by any party shall constitute a waiver of its right to 
exercise any other remedy hereunder. No modification or waiver of any 
provision of this Agreement and no consent by any party to a departure 
herefrom shall be effective unless and until such shall be in writing and 
duly executed by both of the parties hereto. Without limitation on any of 
the foregoing, the failure to give a notice pursuant to Paragraph 4(a) or 
4(b) hereof will not constitute a waiver of any right to do so at a later 
date.
  	 
18. 	Use of Employee Plan Assets
  	  	 
  	(a) 	If assets of an employee benefit plan subject to any provision of 
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) are intended 
to be used by either party hereto (the Plan Party) in a Transaction, the 
Plan Party shall so notify the other party prior to the Transaction. The 
Plan Party shall represent in writing to the other party that the 
Transaction does not constitute a prohibited transaction under ERISA or is 
otherwise exempt therefrom, and the other party may proceed in reliance 
thereon but shall not be required so to proceed.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	Subject to the last sentence of subparagraph (a) of this Paragraph, 
any such Transaction shall proceed only if Seller furnishes or has 
furnished to Buyer its most recent available audited statement of its 
financial condition and its most recent subsequent unaudited statement of 
its financial condition.
  	  	 
  	(c) 	By entering into a Transaction pursuant to this Paragraph Seller 
shall be deemed (i) to represent to Buyer that since the date of Sellers 
latest such financial statements, there has been no material adverse change 
in Sellers financial condition which Seller has not disclosed to Buyer, 
and (ii) to agree to provide Buyer with future audited and unaudited 
statements of its financial condition as they are issued, so long as it is 
a Seller in any outstanding Transaction involving a Plan Party.
  	  	 

- 10 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

19. 	Intent
  	  	 
  	 (a) 	

The parties recognize that each Transaction is a repurchase agreement as 
that term is defined in Section 101 of Title 11 of the United States Code, 
as amended (except insofar as the type of Securities subject to such 
Transaction or the term of such Transaction would render such definition 
inapplicable), and a securities contract as that term is defined in 
Section 741 of Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended (except 
insofar as the type of assets subject to such Transaction would render such 
definition inapplicable).

 
  	 (b) 	

It is understood that either partys right to liquidate Securities 
delivered to it in connection with Transactions hereunder or to exercise 
any other remedies pursuant to Paragraph 11 hereof is a contractual right 
to liquidate such Transaction as described in Sections 555 and 559 of Title 
11 of the United States Code, as amended.

 
  	 (c) 	

The parties agree and acknowledge that if a party hereto is an insured 
depository institution, as such term is defined in the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act, as amended (FDIA), then each Transaction hereunder is a 
qualified financial contract, as that term is defined in FDIA and any 
rules, orders or policy statements thereunder (except insofar as the type 
of assets subject to such Transaction would render such definition 
inapplicable).

 
  	 (d) 	

It is understood that this Agreement constitutes a netting contract as 
defined in and subject to Title IV of the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA) and each payment entitlement 
and payment obligation under any Transaction hereunder shall constitute a 
covered contractual payment entitlement or covered contractual payment 
obligation, respectively, as defined in and subject to FDICIA (except 
insofar as one or both of the parties is not a financial institution as 
that term is defined in FDICIA).

 
20. 	

Disclosure Relating to Certain Federal Protections

 
  	

The parties acknowledge that they have been advised that:

 
  	 (a) 	

in the case of Transactions in which one of the parties is a broker or 
dealer registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under 
Section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (1934 Act), the 
Securities Investor Protection Corporation has taken the position that the 
provisions of the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 (SIPA) do 
not protect the other party with respect to any Transaction hereunder;

 
  	 (b) 	

in the case of Transactions in which one of the parties is a government 
securities broker or a government securities dealer registered with the SEC 
under Section 15C of the 1934 Act, SIPA will not provide protection to the 
other party with respect to any Transaction hereunder; and

 
  	 (c) 	

in the case of Transactions in which one of the parties is a financial 
institution, funds held by the financial institution pursuant to a 
Transaction hereunder are not a deposit and therefore are not insured by 
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the National Credit Union 
Share Insurance Fund, as applicable.

 

- 11 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Name of Party] 	  	 [Name of Party] 	 
By: 	  	  	By: 	  	 
Title:   	  	  	Title:   	  	 
Date: 	  	  	Date: 	  	 


 

 

- 12 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------