 EX-10 2 dyn8k110807ex10-1.txt EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT DYNASIL CORPORATION OF 
AMERICA AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT OF EMPLOYMENT THIS AGREEMENT is dated as of 
November 8, 2007 and amends the Agreement of Employment effective October 
1, 2004 (the "Original Agreement") by and between DYNASIL CORPORATION OF 
AMERICA, a New Jersey corporation (the "Company"), and CRAIG T. DUNHAM 
("Employee"). WHEREAS, the initial three year term of the Original 
Agreement expires on September 30, 2007 and the Original Agreement provides 
for one year extensions with the "opportunity to negotiate increases in the 
compensation and benefit provisions of this agreement" for those one year 
extensions; WHEREAS, the market capitalization of the Company has increased 
from $156,800 to approximately $9.8 million since the announcement of the 
Original Agreement, annual revenues have gone from $2.3 million in FY 2004 
to an estimated $10.7 million for FY 2007, and profits have gone from a 
NPAT loss of $175,000 in FY 2004 to NPAT exceeding $400,000; and WHEREAS, 
based on the changes in the size and profitability of the company, the 
initial three year base compensation is now considered too low and the 
bonus percentage of profits is too high relative to information collected 
for comparable positions. Therefore, the Company and the Employee wish to 
amend the Original Agreement to reflect updated compensation during the 
period from October 1, 2007 to September 30, 2008 (the "Contract Extension 
Period"). NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree the following 
modifications for the Contract Extension Period: 1. Base Salary in section 
3(a) shall be increased to $150,000. 2. The bonus percentage in Section 
3(b) shall be decreased as per the following revised wording: Bonus: The 
employee will participate in the Core Bonus program. Based on audited FY 
2008 results, the pool for the Core Bonus program will be calculated by 
taking the actual Net Profit Before Taxes ("NPBT"), subtracting an amount 
of NPBT equal to an 8% return to shareholders (8% of shareholders equity on 
the balance sheet), and then 15% of the remaining NPBT will become the Core 
Bonus Pool. For FY 2008, the Employee will be awarded 47% of that bonus 
pool as an incentive bonus as per the bonus pool document. Once additional 
people are added to the core staffing over time, the long term target for 
the CEO percentage of the Core Bonus Pool is 35%. The bonus can be paid in 
any combination of stock and cash at the Employee's discretion and it will 
be paid no later than December 31, 2008. 3. Paragraph 4(d) is deleted to 
eliminate the car or car allowance benefit. 4. Capitalized terms not 
defined herein have the meanings given in the Original Agreement 5. Unless 
specifically amended herein, all terms, conditions and provisions of the 
Original Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. IN WITNESS 
WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Amendment to 
Agreement of Employment as of the date first above written. DYNASIL 
CORPORATION OF AMERICA EMPLOYEE: By: /s/ James Saltzman /s/Craig T. Dunham 
11/8/07 James Saltzman Chairman Craig T. Dunham