 EX-10.16 2 c21312exv10w16.htm INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT


 

Exhibit 10.16


INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

     This Indemnification Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of this 
13th day of November, 2007 by and between Morgan Capital LLC (Morgan 
Capital) and Coleman Cable, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Coleman Cable
).

     WHEREAS, David Bistricer, is a member of the Board of Directors of 
Coleman Cable and owns Morgan Capital, a company engaged in the real estate 
business (the Employees);

     WHEREAS, the Employees formerly purchased health insurance for 
themselves and their dependents (the Participants) from Coleman Cables 
insurance carrier at the same rates paid by Coleman Cable employees at no 
additional cost to Coleman Cable;

     WHEREAS, on July 1, 2007, Coleman Cable revised its health insurance 
arrangements so that it would self-insure its employees health coverage 
subject to a policy providing catastrophic health coverage in the event the 
claim of any employee exceeded $40,000 in any year;

     WHEREAS, the Participants became part of the self insurance 
arrangement;

     WHEREAS, Morgan Capital became aware of the self-insurance arrangement 
on November 8, 2007;

     WHEREAS, Morgan Capital is now attempting to obtain separate insurance 
arrangements for the Participants and expects that these arrangements will 
be in place by December 31, 2007, if not sooner;

     WHEREAS, in recognition of Coleman Cables need for protection against 
liability related to the participation of the Participants in Coleman 
Cables self insurance arrangement, Morgan Capital has agreed to indemnify 
Coleman Cable for any liabilities, costs or claims in excess of premiums it 
pays to Coleman Cable relating to the Participants, as well as for any 
administrative expenses relating to the participation of the Participants 
(the Excess Amounts); and

     WHEREAS, Coleman Cable expects that the maximum liability to Morgan 
Capital under the self insurance arrangement shall be $40,000 for each 
Participants, plus up to $2,000 per month in the aggregate in 
administrative fees.

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutually dependent covenants 
set forth herein, and for such other consideration, the sufficiency of 
which is hereby acknowledged, Morgan Capital and Coleman Cable hereby agree 
as follows:

     1. Indemnification. Morgan Capital agrees to indemnify, defend and 
hold harmless Coleman Cable, and each of its subsidiaries, affiliates, 
officers and directors, from and against any Excess Amounts, as well any 
other expenses or liabilities arising out of any Excess Amounts

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

or relating to the participation of the Participants in Coleman Cables 
self insurance arrangements.

     2. Return of Premiums. At such time as Morgan Capital obtains separate 
insurance arrangements and all Participants cease to be a part of Coleman 
Cables self insurance arrangement, Coleman Cable shall return to Morgan 
Capital any amounts by which premiums paid to Coleman Cable exceeded 
liabilities, costs, claims paid and administrative fees.

     3. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original.

     4. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon Morgan 
Capital and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of 
Coleman Cable and its successors and assigns.

     5. Consent to Jurisdiction. Morgan Capital and Coleman Cable each 
hereby irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State 
of Delaware for all purposes in connection with any action or proceeding 
which arises out of or relates to this Agreement and agree that any action 
instituted under this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts 
of the State of Delaware.

     6. Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and its 
provisions construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

     7. Amendment and Termination. No amendment, modification, termination 
or cancellation of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in 
writing signed by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the 
provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver 
of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar), nor shall such 
waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

     8. Integration and Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the 
entire understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes and merges 
all previous written and oral negotiations, commitments, understandings and 
agreements relating to the subject matter hereof between the parties 
hereto.


[signature page follows]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as 
of the date first above written.
  	  	  	  	 
  	COLEMAN CABLE, INC.
  	 
  	/s/ Richard N. Burger   	 
  	Name:   	Richard Burger  	 
  	Title:   	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  	 
 
  	  	  	  	 
  	MORGAN CAPITAL LLC
  	 
  	/s/ David Bistricer   	 
  	Name:   	David Bistricer  	 
  	Title:   	  	 
 

 