 EX-10.5 4 f35573exv10w5.htm EXHIBIT 10.5


 

Exhibit 10.5


 

RMB REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

between

WEALTH ZIPPER (SHANGHAI) PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT CO., LTD.,

as Initial RMB Borrower(s),

THE RMB LENDERS LISTED HEREIN

as RMB Lenders,

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, NEW YORK BRANCH,

as Administrative Agent and Sole Lead Arranger and Bookmanager

and

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, SHANGHAI BRANCH,
as RMB Settlement Agent

signed on October 23, 2007

JUN HE LAW OFFICES
China Resources Building, 20th Floor,
8 Jianguomenbei Avenue
Beijing, 100005, P. R. China

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


CONTENTS
  	  	  	  	 
PART 1
  	  	2 	 
 
  	  	  	 
DEFINITIONS, INTERPRETATION AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE
  	  	2 	 
 
  	  	  	 
PART 2
  	  	13 	 
 
  	  	  	 
THE FACILITY
  	  	13 	 
 
  	  	  	 
PART 3
  	  	38 	 
 
  	  	  	 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS AND EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND 
REMEDIES
  	  	38 	 
 
  	  	  	 
PART 4
  	  	48 	 
 
  	  	  	 
EXPENSES AND INDEMNITY
  	  	48 	 
 
  	  	  	 
PART 5
  	  	50 	 
 
  	  	  	 
PAYMENTS
  	  	50 	 
 
  	  	  	 
PART 6
  	  	52 	 
 
  	  	  	 
ASSIGNMENTS AND TRANSFERS
  	  	52 	 
 
  	  	  	 
PART 10
  	  	55 	 
 
  	  	  	 
MISCELLANEOUS
  	  	55 	 
 
  	  	  	 
PART 11
  	  	59 	 
 
  	  	  	 
APPOINTMENT OF RMB SETTLEMENT AGENT
  	  	59 	 
 
  	  	  	 
THE FIRST SCHEDULE
  	  	64 	 
 
  	  	  	 
THE RMB LENDERS AND THEIR RMB COMMITMENTS
  	  	64 	 
 
  	  	  	 
THE SECOND SCHEDULE
  	  	65 	 
 
  	  	  	 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT DOCUMENTS
  	  	65 	 
 
  	  	  	 
THE THIRD SCHEDULE
  	  	67 	 

i

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
FORM OF NOTICE OF RMB BORROWING (FORMAT)
  	  	67 	 
 
  	  	  	 
THE FOURTH SCHEDULE
  	  	69 	 
 
  	  	  	 
FORM OF TRANSFER AGREEMENT
  	  	69 	 
 
  	  	  	 
THE FIFTH SCHEDULE
  	  	75 	 
 
  	  	  	 
PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS
  	  	75 	 

ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

THE AGREEMENT is executed on October 23, 2007.

BETWEEN

1. 	  	WEALTH ZIPPER (SHANGHAI) PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT CO., LTD., established 
and existing under the laws of the PRC having its registered office at [ ] 
(the Initial RMB Borrower);
 
2. 	  	THE BANKS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS whose names and addresses 
are set out in the First Schedule hereto as RMB lenders (the RMB 
Lenders);
 
3. 	  	SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, NEW YORK BRANCH, as 
Administrative Agent and Sole Lead Arranger and Bookmanager; and
 
4. 	  	SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, SHANGHAI BRANCH, as RMB 
settlement agent.

WHEREAS:-

(A) 	  	AMB JAPAN FINANCE Y.K., the QUALIFIED BORROWERS (as defined 
therein, and together with AMB Japan Finance Y.K., collectively, the 
Borrower), AMB PROPERTY, L.P. and AMB PROPERTY CORPORATION, as 
guarantors, the BANKS and SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, NEW YORK 
BRANCH, as administrative agent and sole lead arranger and bookmanager, 
have entered into an AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT dated 
as of June 23, 2006 (as amended, the Master Agreement).
 
(B) 	  	Pursuant to the Master Agreement, the Borrower shall have the right 
to borrow an aggregate amount up to JPY45,000,000,000 which can be 
increased up to JPY55,000,000,000 upon request of the Borrower.
 
(C) 	  	Under Section 9.5(c) of the Master Agreement, the parties thereto 
have agreed that the Master Agreement shall be modified so as to, amongst 
other things, permit, at the option of the Borrower borrowings denominated 
in Renminbi in amounts up to RMB500,000,000.
 
(D) 	  	The parties hereto have agreed that, in order to give effect to 
Section 9.5(c) of the Master Agreement, the PRC onshore branches of the 
Participating Banks (as defined in the Master Agreement) shall make 
available the said borrowings to certain PRC onshore subsidiaries of the 
AMB Property, L.P. and AMB Property Corporation and, therefore, the parties 
hereto have agreed to enter into this Agreement upon terms and conditions 
as hereinafter set forth.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

IT IS HEREBY AGREED as follows:


PART 1

DEFINITIONS, INTERPRETATION AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

Clause 1 Definitions, Interpretation and Incorporation by Reference

1.1 	  	Definitions Except as otherwise provided herein, capitalized terms 
used in this Agreement shall have the meanings as the follows.
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Administrative Agent 	  	means Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, New 
York Branch in its capacity as Administrative Agent hereunder, and its 
permitted successors in such capacity in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Affiliate 	  	means any other Person that directly or indirectly 
controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, that Person. 
For purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative 
meanings, the terms controlling, controlled by and under common 
control with), as applied to any Person, means the possession, directly or 
indirectly, of the power to vote ten percent (10.0%) or more of the equity 
securities or ownership interests having voting power for the election of 
directors of such Person or otherwise to direct or cause the direction of 
the management and policies of that Person, whether through the ownership 
of voting equity securities or ownership interest or by contract or 
otherwise.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Assignor 	  	has the meaning set forth in Clause 9.3 hereof.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Borrower 	  	has the meaning set forth in the recitals

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	above.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Closing Date 	  	means the date on which the conditions set forth in 
Clause 3.1 shall have been satisfied to the satisfaction of the 
Administrative Agent.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Default 	  	means (i) a Guarantor Default under the Master Agreement or 
(ii) any RMB Borrower Default.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Drawdown Date 	  	means, in relation to a RMB Advance, the proposed date 
for the making of such RMB Advance as specified in the Notice of RMB 
Borrowing therefor, or where such RMB Advance has been made, the date on 
which it was made.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Event of Default 	  	means (i) a Guarantor Event of Default or (ii) a 
RMB Borrower Event of Default.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Final Maturity 	  	means June 23, 2010, provided, however, that if AMB 
Property, LP exercises its right to extend the Maturity Date (as defined in 
the Master Agreement) pursuant to Section 2.10(b) of the Master Agreement, 
then the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for a 
period of one (1) year and the Final Maturity shall then mean June 23, 
2011.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Guarantor Default 	  	has the meaning ascribed to such term in the 
Master Agreement.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Guarantor Event of Default 	  	has the meaning ascribed to such term in 
the Master Agreement.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Governmental Acts 	  	has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.12(viii).

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Interest Period 	  	means the duration of a RMB Advance, which may be 1, 
3, 6 or 12 months, as the applicable RMB Borrower may elect in the Notice 
of RMB Borrowing or Notice of Continuation, provided that no Interest 
Period may end later than the Maturity Date.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Lien 	  	means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, 
charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind, or any other type of 
preferential arrangement, in each case that has the effect of creating a 
security interest, in respect of such asset.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Majority RMB Lenders 	  	at any time RMB Lenders having at least 51% of 
the aggregate amount of RMB Commitments, or if the RMB Commitments shall 
have been terminated, RMB Lenders having at least 51% of the aggregate 
unpaid principal amount of the RMB Advances.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Material Adverse Effect 	  	means an effect resulting from any 
circumstance or event or series of circumstances or events, of whatever 
nature (but excluding general economic conditions), which does or could 
reasonably be expected to, materially and adversely impair (i) the ability 
of the AMB Property, L.P. and AMB Property Corporation and their respective 
Consolidated Subsidiaries (as defined in the Master Agreement), taken as a 
whole, to perform their respective obligations under the Loan Documents (as 
defined in the Master Agreement) and/or under the RMB Loan Documents, or 
(ii) the ability of Administrative Agent or the Lenders to enforce the RMB 
Loan Documents.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Notice of RMB Borrowing 	  	means the notice sent by any RMB Borrower to 
the Administrative Agent prior to the Drawdown Date for requesting a RMB 
Advance according to terms and conditions of Clause 2.2 substantially in 
the form of the Third Schedule.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Payment Instructions 	  	means in relation to each of the RMB Lenders, 
the payment instructions in the Fifth Schedule as amended from time to time 
by written instructions to the RMB Settlement Agent by a duly authorized 
officer of the RMB Lender provided that such written instructions are to be 
made in accordance with Clause 10 of this Agreement.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Person 	  	has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Master 
Agreement.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	PRC 	  	means the Peoples Republic of China but for the purpose only of 
this Agreement, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administration Region, the 
Macao Special Administration Region and Taiwan Province.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Property 	  	means, with respect to any Person, any real or personal 
property, building, facility, structure, equipment or unit, or other asset 
owned by such Person.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Purchasing Lender 	  	has the meaning set forth in Clause 9.3 hereof.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Qualified RMB Borrower 	  	means (i) an equity joint venture, (ii) a 
co-operative joint venture, or (iii) a wholly foreign-owned enterprise 
organized under the laws of the PRC with the appropriate real estate 
business license to undertake real estate business (or such other business 
entities as are permitted under the laws of PRC to engage in real estate 
business), which is at least 50% owned and controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by AMB Property L.P. or AMB Property

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	Corporation and which are established for the purpose of 
facilitating real estate investments in PRC, and the indebtedness of which, 
in all cases, can be guaranteed by AMB Property L.P. or AMB Property 
Corporation pursuant to the provisions of the formation documents of AMB 
Property L.P. or AMB Property Corporation and who has been added as a 
Qualified RMB Borrower hereunder in accordance with Clause 2.15.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Qualified RMB Borrower Joinder
Agreements 	  	means, collectively, one or more Qualified RMB Borrower 
Joinder Agreements, among Administrative Agent (on behalf of the RMB 
Lenders) and a Qualified RMB Borrower at any time on or after the date of 
this Agreement, the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Qualified RMB Borrower Joinder
Documents 	  	means, as to any Qualified RMB Borrower Joinder Agreement, 
collectively, all documents, instruments and certificates required by such 
Qualified RMB Borrower Joinder Agreement to be delivered pursuant to the 
terms hereof.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Advance 	  	means save as otherwise provided herein, all or any 
amounts advanced (as from time to time reduced by repayment pursuant to the 
terms and conditions hereof) by the RMB Lenders or a RMB Lender hereunder.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Annual Fronting Bank Fee 	  	has the meaning provided in Clause 
2.19(iii).
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Borrower 	  	means collectively, Initial RMB Borrower and any 
Qualified RMB Borrower for so long as such entity is a Qualified RMB 
Borrower hereunder.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Borrower Default 	  	means, a condition or event which with the 
giving of notice or lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, 
become a RMB Borrower Event of Default.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Borrower Event of Default 	  	has the meaning set forth in Clause 
5.1.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Commitment 	  	means, in relation to each RMB Lender, the amount 
equal to the RMB Commitment Proportion for such RMB Lender multiplied by 
the RMB Facility Amount from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof, 
which amount shall in no event exceed the amount set opposite such RMB 
Lenders name in the First Schedule (and for each RMB Lender that is a 
Purchasing Lender, the percentage and amount set forth in the Transfer 
Agreement entered into pursuant to Clause 9 hereof as the Purchasing 
Lenders RMB Commitment), as the same may be reduced from time to time in 
connection with an assignment to a Purchasing Lender and increased from 
time to time in connection with an assignment from an Assignor.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Commitment Proportion 	  	means, with respect to each RMB Lender, 
the percentage as set opposite such RMB Lenders name in the First Schedule
, reflecting the proportion of such RMB Lenders RMB Commitment to the 
aggregate of the RMB Lenders RMB Commitments (and for each RMB Lender that 
is a Purchasing Lender, the percentage set forth in the Transfer Agreement 
entered into pursuant to Clause 9 hereof as the Purchasing Lenders RMB 
Commitment Proportion), as the same may be reduced from time to time in 
connection with an assignment to a Purchasing Lender and increased from 
time to time in connection with an assignment from an Assignor.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Facility Amount 	  	means the lesser of (i) RMB500,000,000 or (ii) 
from time to time, the RMB equivalent of (A) the Facility Amount (as 
defined in the Master Agreement) minus (B) the outstanding Loans (as 
defined in the

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	Master Agreement) under the Master Agreement minus (C) the 
outstanding amount of the Letter of Credit Usage (as defined in the master 
agreement) under the Master Agreement minus (D) the Yen equivalent amount 
of outstanding Alternate Currency Advances (as defined in the Master 
Agreement) under any other Alternate Currency Facility (as defined in the 
Master Agreement) (excluding any RMB Advances hereunder) minus (E) the Yen 
equivalent of the outstanding amount of Alternate Currency Letter of Credit 
Usage (as defined in the Master Agreement) (excluding RMB Letter of Credit 
Usage hereunder); provided, however, that in the RMB Borrowers aggregate 
approved total investment and its approved registered capital.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Facility Office 	  	means in relation to the Administrative Agent, 
the RMB Settlement Agent or any RMB Lender, the office identified in the 
Payment Instructions (or, in the case of a Purchasing Lender, at the end of 
the Transfer Agreement to which it is a party) or such other office as it 
may from time to time select (and in the case of any RMB Lender, by at 
least 5 Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent) or 
in accordance with Clause 9 (Assignments and Transfers).
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Finance Parties 	  	means the Administrative Agent, the RMB 
Settlement Agent and the RMB Lenders, and the singular term, RMB Finance 
Party, means any of them.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Fronting Bank 	  	means Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, 
Shanghai Branch, and its successors and assigns.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Fronting Bank Fee 	  	has the meaning provided in Clause 2.19(iii).

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Lenders 	  	means any Bank (as defined in the Master Agreement) 
named in the First Schedule (other than one which has ceased to be a party 
hereto in accordance with the terms hereof); or any Bank which has become a 
party hereto as a RMB Lender in accordance with the provisions of Clause 9 
(Assignments and Transfers).
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Letter(s) of Credit 	  	has the meaning provided in Clause 2.2(ii).
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Letter of Credit Collateral 	  	has the meaning provided in Clause 
4.2(ii).
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Letter of Credit Collateral Account 	  	has the meaning provided in 
Clause 4.2(i).
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Letter of Credit Fee 	  	has the meaning provided in Clause 
2.19(ii).
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Letter of Credit Usage 	  	means, at any time the sum of (i) the 
aggregate maximum amount available to be drawn under the RMB Letters of 
Credit then outstanding, assuming compliance with all requirements for 
drawing referred to therein, and (ii) the aggregate amount of any RMB 
Borrowers unpaid obligations under this Agreement in respect of the RMB 
Letters of Credit.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Loan Documents 	  	means this Agreement, the Qualified RMB Borrower 
Joinder Documents and the RMB Security Documents, if any.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Obligations 	  	means all obligations, liabilities, indemnity 
obligations and indebtedness of every nature of the RMB Borrowers from time 
to time owing to any RMB Finance Parties under or in connection with this 
Agreement or any other RMB Loan Document.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Secured Option 	  	has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.8 of this 
Agreement.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Secured Property 	  	has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.8 of this 
Agreement.

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Security Documents 	  	has the meaning set forth in Clause 2.8 of 
this Agreement.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Settlement Agent 	  	means Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, 
Shanghai Branch in its capacity as RMB Settlement Agent hereunder, and its 
permitted successors in such capacity in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Qualified Institution 	  	means a RMB Lender, or one or more banks, 
finance companies, insurance or other financial institutions which is a 
Bank under the Master Agreement and (A) has (or, in the case of a bank 
which is a subsidiary, such banks parent has) a rating of its senior debt 
obligations of not less than Baa-1 by Moodys or a comparable rating by a 
rating agency acceptable to Administrative Agent, (B) has total assets in 
excess of US$10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in alternate currency), (C) 
is a RMB Qualified Institutional Investor, and (D) is approved by China 
Banking Regulatory Commission to make loans to RMB businesses within the 
applicable approved territory.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	RMB Qualified Institutional
Investors 	  	has the meaning assigned thereto in Article 2, Section 3, 
item 1 of the Securities and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No.25 of 1948, as 
amended from time to time) and Article 4, Section 1 of the regulations 
relating to the definitions contained in such Article 2.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Subsidiary 	  	means any corporation or other entity of which securities 
or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power to elect a 
majority of the board of directors or other Persons performing similar 
functions are at the time directly or

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	indirectly owned by AMB Property L.P. or AMB Property Corporation.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Transfer Agreement 	  	means an agreement substantially in the form set 
out in the Fourth Schedule (Form of Transfer Agreement) signed by an 
Assignor and Purchasing Lender.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Transfer Date 	  	means, in relation to any Transfer Agreement, the date 
for the making of the transfer as specified in the schedule to such 
Transfer Agreement.

1.2 Interpretation.

(i) 	  	RMB Borrower, Administrative Agent, RMB Settlement Agent and 
RMB Lender shall be construed so as to include their respective 
successors and permitted assigns and where the context permits, references 
to Agent shall include and be deemed to refer to Sumitomo Mitsui Banking 
Corporation, New York Branch, as Administrative Agent, and Sumitomo Mitsui 
Banking Corporation, Shanghai Branch, as RMB Settlement Agent, on a 
collective basis,
 
  	  	law or regulation includes any regulation, rule, treaty, 
ordinance, official directive, request, approval, requirement, order or 
guideline of any governmental or judicial body or regulatory organization;
 
  	  	a Business Day shall be construed as a reference to a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks generally are open for business 
in New York, Hong Kong and Shanghai;
 
  	  	the equivalent on any date in one currency (the first currency) 
of an amount denominated in another currency (the second currency) is a 
reference to the amount of the first currency which could be purchased with 
the amount of the second currency at, in the case of the purchases of RMB 
with Japanese Yen, the applicable spot rate of exchange quoted by the 
Peoples Bank of China at or about 11:00 a.m. Beijing time on such date for 
the purchase of the first currency with the second currency; and in all 
other cases, the spot rate of exchange at which in accordance with normal 
banking procedures quoted at or about 11:00 a.m. Beijing time on the 
relevant date for the purchase of the first currency with that second 
currency by Administrative Agent;
 
  	  	a governmental agency means an agency of a state or jurisdiction 
and includes any agency, committee, authority, central bank and department;

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	indebtedness means any obligation (whether incurred as principal or 
as surety) for the payment or repayment of money, whether present or 
future, actual or contingent, secured or unsecured;
 
  	  	a month is a reference to a period starting on one day in a 
calendar month and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the next 
succeeding calendar month save that, where any such period would otherwise 
end on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall end on the next 
succeeding Business Day, unless that day falls in the calendar month 
succeeding that in which it would otherwise have ended, in which case it 
shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day provided that, if a 
period starts on the last Business Day in a calendar month or if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the month in which that period ends, 
that period shall end on the last Business Day in that later month (and 
references to months shall be construed accordingly).
 
(ii) 	  	Currency Symbols US$, US Dollars or Dollars denote the 
lawful currency of the United States of America, JPY or Yen denote the 
lawful currency of Japan and RMB or Renminbi denote the lawful currency 
of the PRC.
 
(iii) 	  	Headings Clause, Part and Schedule headings are for ease of 
reference only.
 
(iv) 	  	Miscellaneous Save where the contrary is indicated, any reference 
in this Agreement of:

  	(a) 	  	this Agreement or any other agreement or document or consent or 
approval shall be construed as a reference to this Agreement or, as the 
case may be, such other agreement or document or consent or approval as the 
same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended, varied, novated 
or supplemented;
 
  	(b) 	  	the singular includes the plural (and vice versa);
 
  	(c) 	  	words of any gender include each other gender; and
 
  	(d) 	  	the words include and including shall be deemed to be 
followed by without limitation or but not limited to whether or not 
they are followed by such phrases or words of similar import.

1.3 	  	Definitions in the Master Agreement
 
  	  	In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, terms and 
expressions defined in or construed for the purposes of the Master 
Agreement shall have the same meanings or be construed in the same manner 
when used in this Agreement.

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


PART 2

THE FACILITY

CLAUSE 2 The Facility

2.1 	  	Commitment To Lend Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of 
this Agreement, the RMB Lenders grant a RMB revolving credit facility up to 
a maximum aggregate amount of RMB500,000,000 to the RMB Borrowers. Each RMB 
Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement, (a) to make RMB Advances to each RMB Borrower and participate in 
RMB Letters of Credit issued by the RMB Fronting Bank on behalf of each RMB 
Borrower pursuant to this Clause 2 from time to time during the term hereof 
in amounts such that the aggregate principal amount of RMB Advances by such 
RMB Lender at any one time outstanding, together with such RMB Lenders RMB 
Commitment Proportion of the RMB Letter of Credit Usage at such time shall 
not exceed the amount of its RMB Commitment. Each RMB Advance outstanding 
under this Clause 2.1 shall be in an aggregate principal amount of 
RMB5,000,000 or in integral multiples of RMB1,000,000 in excess thereof 
(except that any such RMB Advance may be in the aggregate amount available 
under the RMB Facility or in any amount required to reimburse the RMB 
Fronting Bank for any drawing under any Letter of Credit in Clause 2.12(v)) 
and shall be made from the several RMB Lenders ratably in proportion to 
their respective RMB Commitments. In no event shall the aggregate amount 
outstanding at any time, plus the outstanding amount of the RMB Letter of 
Credit Usage, exceed the RMB Facility Amount. Subject to the limitations 
set forth herein, any amounts repaid may be reborrowed.

2.2 	  	Notice of RMB Borrowing The RMB Borrower may not deliver a Notice 
of RMB Borrowing or a request for issuance of RMB Letter of Credit before 
the Closing Date.

  	(i) 	  	With respect to each RMB Advance, the applicable RMB Borrower 
shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a Notice of RMB Borrowing before 
2:00 p.m. (Beijing time) (x) on the day not less than four (4) Business 
Days before the date set forth in the applicable Notice of RMB Borrowing 
for the making of such RMB Advance, or with respect to any secured RMB 
Advance, the ninth (9th) Business Day prior to such secured RMB Advance, 
specifying:

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	(a) 	  	the date of making such RMB Advance, which shall be a Business 
Day;
 
  	(b) 	  	the aggregate amount of such RMB Advance;
 
  	(c) 	  	the duration of the Interest Period with respect to such RMB 
Advance, subject to the provisions of the definition of Interest Period;
 
  	(d) 	  	if such RMB Advance is secured by any RMB Secured Property or 
RMB Share Pledge, the collateral to be granted;
 
  	(e) 	  	payment instructions for delivery of such RMB Advance; and
 
  	(f) 	  	certify that no Guarantor Default under the Master Agreement or 
Guarantor Event of Default under the Master Agreement has occurred and is 
continuing and with respect to such RMB Borrower, no RMB Borrower Default 
or RMB Borrower Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

(ii) 	  	The applicable RMB Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent 
(whereupon the Administrative Agent shall notify the RMB Settlement Agent) 
and the RMB Fronting Bank written notice in the event that it desires to 
have RMB Letters of Credit (each, a RMB Letter of Credit) issued on 
behalf of such RMB Borrower hereunder or a Subsidiary thereof not later 
than 1:00 P.M. (Beijing time) at least ten (10) Business Days (or if such 
RMB Letter of Credit is to be secured, at least ten (10) Business Days) 
prior to, but excluding, the date of such issuance. Each such notice shall 
(i) specify the aggregate amount of the requested RMB Letters of Credit, 
(ii) specify the individual amount of each requested RMB Letter of Credit 
and the number of RMB Letters of Credit to be issued, (iii) specify the 
date of such issuance (which shall be a Business Day), (iv) state the name 
and address of the beneficiary, (v) the expiration date of the RMB Letter 
of Credit (which in no event shall be later than twelve (12) months after 
the Final Maturity), (vi) state the purpose and circumstances for which 
such RMB Letter of Credit is being issued, (vii) specify the terms upon 
which each such RMB Letter of Credit may be drawn down (which terms shall 
not leave any discretion to RMB Fronting Bank), (viii) if such RMB Letter 
of Credit is to be issued on behalf of a subsidiary of such RMB Borrower, 
the identity of such Subsidiary, (ix) if such RMB Letter of Credit is to be 
secured, identify the RMB Secured Property to be acquired and the 
collateral to be granted, (x) include such information as is requested in 
Clause 2.2(i) hereto relating to the project, if any, for which the RMB 
Letter of Credit will be used and (xi) certify that no RMB Borrower Default 
or RMB Borrower Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with 
respect to such RMB Borrower and that no Guarantor Default or Guarantor 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	Each such notice may be revoked telephonically by such RMB Borrower 
to the RMB Fronting Bank and the Administrative Agent any time prior to the 
issuance of the RMB Letter of Credit by the RMB Fronting Bank, provided 
such revocation is confirmed in writing by such RMB Borrower to the RMB 
Fronting Bank and the Administrative Agent (whereupon the Administrative 
Agent shall notify the RMB Settlement Agent) within two (2) Business Days 
by facsimile. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, 
such RMB Borrower shall complete and deliver to the RMB Fronting Bank any 
required documentation in connection with any requested RMB Letter of 
Credit no later than the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the date of 
issuance thereof. No later than 1:00 P.M. (Beijing time) on the date that 
is six (6) Business Days prior to, but excluding, the date of issuance, 
such RMB Borrower shall specify a precise description of the documents and 
the verbatim text of any certificate to be presented by the beneficiary of 
such RMB Letter of Credit, which if presented by such beneficiary prior to 
the expiration date of the RMB Letter of Credit would require the RMB 
Fronting Bank to make a payment under the RMB Letter of Credit; provided, 
the RMB Fronting Bank may, in its reasonable judgment, require changes in 
any such documents and certificates only in conformity with changes in 
customary and commercially reasonable practice and in compliance with the 
relevant publications in respect of letters of credit published by the 
issues and rules of the International Standby Practices 1998 published by 
the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice (or such later 
version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance of the 
applicable RMB Letter of Credit), and, provide further, that no RMB Letter 
of Credit shall require payment against a conforming draft to be made 
thereunder on the third Business Day following the date that such draft is 
presented if such presentation is made later than 1:00 p.m. Shanghai time, 
as applicable (except that if the beneficiary of any RMB Letter of Credit 
requests at the time of the issuance of its RMB Letter of Credit that 
payment be made on the same Business Day against a conforming draft, such 
beneficiary shall be entitled to such a same day draw, provided such draft 
is presented to the RMB Fronting Bank no later than 1:00 p.m. Shanghai time 
and provided further such RMB Borrower shall have requested to the RMB 
Fronting Bank and the Administrative Agent that such beneficiary shall be 
entitled to a same day draw). In determining whether to pay on such RMB 
Letter of Credit, the RMB Fronting Bank shall be responsible only to 
determine that the documents and certificates required to be delivered 
under the RMB Letter of Credit have been delivered and that they comply on 
their face with the requirements of that RMB Letter of Credit. All RMB 
Letters of Credit may be presented for payment in Shanghai (at the option 
of the RMB Borrower) and, if required by the beneficiary thereunder, shall 
be paid in Shanghai (at the option of Borrower).

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

2.3 Notice To RMB Lenders; Funding of Advances

  	(i) 	  	Upon receipt of a Notice of RMB Borrowing from any RMB Borrower 
in accordance with Clause 2.2 hereof, the Administrative Agent shall, on 
the date such Notice of RMB Borrowing is received by the Administrative 
Agent, notify the RMB Settlement Agent of the contents thereof and the 
availability of the RMB Advance at such time and whereupon the RMB 
Settlement Agent shall notify each RMB Lender of such RMB Lenders share of 
such RMB Advance within the succeeding Business Day after its receipt of 
notice from the Administrative Agent. Such Notice of RMB Borrowing shall 
not thereafter be revocable by such RMB Borrower, unless such RMB Borrower 
shall pay any applicable expenses of the RMB Lenders pursuant to Section 
2.20.

  	(ii) 	  	Not later than 12:00 p.m. (Beijing time) on the date of each 
RMB Advance as indicated in the applicable Notice of RMB Borrowing, each 
RMB Lender shall make available its share of such RMB Advance in Renminbi 
immediately available in PRC, to the RMB Settlement Agent at its account 
referred to in Clause 8. If any RMB Borrower has requested the issuance of 
a RMB Letter of Credit, no later than 1:00 p.m. (Beijing time) on the date 
of such issuance as indicated in the notice delivered pursuant to Clause 
2.2(ii), the RMB Fronting Bank shall issue such RMB Letter of Credit in the 
amount so requested and deliver the same to the applicable RMB Borrower, 
with a copy thereof to the Administrative Agent (whereupon the 
Administrative Agent shall notify the RMB Settlement Agent). Immediately 
upon the issuance of each RMB Letter of Credit by the RMB Fronting Bank, 
the RMB Fronting Bank shall be deemed to have sold and transferred to each 
other RMB Lender, and each such other RMB Lender shall be deemed, and 
hereby agrees, to have irrevocably and unconditionally purchased and 
received from the RMB Fronting Bank, without recourse or warranty, an 
undivided interest and a participation in such RMB Letter of Credit, any 
drawing thereunder, and its obligation to pay its RMB Commitment Proportion 
with respect thereto, and any security therefor or guaranty pertaining 
thereto, in an amount equal to such RMB Lenders ratable share thereof. 
Upon any change in any of the RMB Commitments in accordance herewith, there 
shall be an automatic adjustment to such participations to reflect such 
changed shares. The RMB Fronting Bank shall have the primary obligation to 
fund any and all draws made with respect to such RMB Letter of Credit 
notwithstanding any failure of a participating RMB Lender to fund its 
ratable share of any such draw. The Administrative Agent will instruct the 
RMB Fronting Bank to make such RMB Letter of Credit available to the 
applicable RMB

16

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	Borrower, and the RMB Fronting Bank shall make such RMB Letter of 
Credit available to the applicable RMB Borrower, at its aforesaid address 
or at such address in PRC as such RMB Borrower shall request on the date of 
the issuance of such RMB Letter of Credit.

(iii) 	  	Unless the RMB Settlement Agent shall have received notice from a 
RMB Lender prior to the date of any RMB Advance that such RMB Lender will 
not make available to the RMB Settlement Agent such RMB Lenders share of 
such RMB Advance, the RMB Settlement Agent may assume that such RMB Lender 
has made such share available to the RMB Settlement Agent on the date of 
such RMB Advance in accordance with this Clause 2.3 and the RMB Settlement 
Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, but shall not be obligated to, 
make available to the applicable RMB Borrower on such date a corresponding 
amount on behalf of such RMB Lender. If and to the extent that such RMB 
Lender shall not have so made such share available to the RMB Settlement 
Agent, such RMB Lender agrees to repay to the RMB Settlement Agent 
forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest 
thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to the 
applicable RMB Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the RMB 
Settlement Agent. If such RMB Lender shall repay to the RMB Settlement 
Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute 
such RMB Lenders RMB Commitment Proportion included in such RMB Advance 
for purposes of this Agreement. If such RMB Lender shall not pay to the RMB 
Settlement Agent such corresponding amount after reasonable attempts are 
made by the RMB Settlement Agent to collect such amounts from such RMB 
Lender, the applicable RMB Borrower agrees to repay to the RMB Settlement 
Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amounts together with interest 
thereto, for each day from the date such amount is made available to such 
RMB Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the RMB Settlement 
Agent, one (1) Business Day after demand. Nothing contained in this Clause 
2.3(iii) shall be deemed to reduce the RMB Commitment of any RMB Lender or 
in any way affect the rights of such RMB Borrower with respect to any 
defaulting RMB Lender or the RMB Settlement Agent. The failure of any RMB 
Lender to make available to the RMB Settlement Agent such RMB Lenders 
share of any RMB Advance in accordance with Clause 2.3(ii) hereof shall not 
relieve any other RMB Lender of its obligations to fund its RMB Commitment, 
in accordance with the provisions hereof.

(iv) 	  	Subject to the provisions hereof, the RMB Settlement Agent shall 
make available each RMB Advance to the applicable RMB Borrower in Renminibi 
immediately available in accordance with, and on the date set forth in, the 
applicable Notice of RMB Borrowing.
 
(v) 	  	There shall be no more than ten (10) RMB Advances outstanding at 
any

17

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	one time with respect to each RMB Borrower.

2.4 Interest Rate

(i) 	  	Each RMB Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal 
amount thereof, for each day from the date such RMB Advance is made until 
the date it is repaid, at a rate per annum equal to 90% of the benchmark 
interest rate promulgated by the Peoples Bank of China for fixed asset 
loan facilities (middle and long term loan facility) with a term over three 
to five years as of the first Drawdown Date (the Interest Rate). The 
interest rate herein shall be adjusted at the time of each RMB Advance or 
at the time of the continuance of any such RMB Advance in accordance with 
Section 2.4(ii) pursuant to the regulations of the Peoples Bank of China 
to a rate per annum equal to 90% of the then applicable benchmark interest 
rate promulgated by the Peoples Bank of China for fixed asset loan 
facilities with a term of over 3 to 5 years, and such interest rate shall 
be applicable to such RMB Advance.

(ii) 	  	Prior to the expiration of the Interest Period applicable to any 
RMB Advance, the applicable RMB Borrower may elect to continue all or any 
portion of such RMB Advances and, in connection therewith, elect a new 
Interest Period for such RMB Advances. Each such election shall be made by 
delivering a notice (a Notice of Continuance) to the Administrative Agent 
at least four (4) Business Days prior to, but excluding, the expiration 
date of the then current Interest Period (whereupon the Administrative 
Agent shall notify the RMB Settlement Agent), provided no RMB Advance may 
be continued when any Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing or, with respect to the RMB Borrower delivering such Notice of, 
a Borrower Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. A Notice of 
Continuance may, if it so specifies, apply to only a portion of the 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant RMB Advances, so long as the 
portion to which such Notice of Continuance applies, and the remaining 
portion to which it does not apply, are RMB5,000,000 or more. Each Notice 
of Continuation shall specify: (1) the RMB Advances to which such notice 
applies; (2) the date on which the continuation is to be effective, and (3) 
the duration of the new Interest Period, subject to the provisions of the 
definition of Interest Period. Upon receipt of a Notice of Continuation 
from any RMB Borrower pursuant to this subsection, the RMB Settlement Agent 
shall notify each RMB Lender the same day as it receives such notice of the 
contents thereof and such notice shall not thereafter be revocable by such 
RMB Borrower. If the applicable RMB Borrower fails to deliver a

18

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	timely Notice of Continuation to the Administrative Agent for any 
RMB Advance, such RMB Advance shall be continued with a new Interest Period 
of one month.
 
  	(iii) 	  	Under PRC law, the default rate for the overdue payment of a 
loan is 130% to 150% and the default rate is 150% to 200% if a borrower 
does not use the capital of the loan for the purposes as provided in the 
relevant loan agreement. As such, in case of the occurrence of an Event of 
Default as provided in Clause 5.1(i), the outstanding principal amount of 
the RMB Advances, and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, overdue 
interest in respect of all RMB Advances, shall bear interest at the annual 
default rate of 130%, and in case of the occurrence of an Event of Default 
as a result of any breach by any RMB Borrower of the terms and conditions 
of Clause 2.11, the outstanding principal amount of the RMB Advances, and, 
to the extent permitted by applicable law, overdue interest in respect of 
all RMB Advances, shall bear interest at the annual default rate of 150%. 
For the occurrence of any other Event of Default other than those as 
mentioned above, the outstanding principal amount of the RMB Advances, and, 
to the extent permitted by applicable law, overdue interest in respect of 
all RMB Advances, shall bear interest at the annual default rate equal to 
the Interest Rate plus two percent (2%).
 
  	(iv) 	  	The RMB Settlement Agent shall determine each Interest Rate 
applicable to the RMB Advances hereunder and shall give prompt notice to 
the applicable RMB Borrower and the RMB Lenders of each rate of interest so 
determined, and its determination thereof shall be conclusive in the 
absence of demonstrable error.
 
  	(v) 	  	Except as provided in Clause 2.6(i), interest on all RMB 
Advances shall be payable on the last Business Day of the applicable 
Interest Period, provided if the applicable Interest Period is longer than 
3 months, interest shall be paid at least every three months.

2.5 	  	Maturity Date The term (the Term) of the RMB Commitments (and 
each RMB Lenders obligations to make RMB Advances hereunder) shall 
terminate and expire on the Final Maturity. Upon the date of the 
termination of the Term, any RMB Advances then outstanding (together with 
accrued interest thereon and all other RMB Obligations) shall be due and 
payable on such date.

19

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

2.6 	  	Optional Prepayments

  	(i) 	  	Each RMB Borrower may, upon at least four (4) Business Days 
prior written notice to the Administrative Agent by 1:00 p.m. (Beijing 
time) (whereupon the Administrative Agent shall notify the RMB Settlement 
Agent), prepay any RMB Advances made to such RMB Borrower, in whole or in 
part at any time, or from time to time in part in amounts aggregating for 
all RMB Advances of such RMB Borrower being prepaid at the same time 
RMB5,000,000 or more by paying the principal amount to be prepaid together 
with accrued interest thereon to the date of prepayment. Each such optional 
prepayment shall be applied to prepay ratably the RMB Advances of the 
several RMB Lenders.
 
  	(ii) 	  	Each RMB Borrower may, upon at least four (4) Business Days 
prior written notice to the Administrative Agent by 1:00 p.m. (Beijing 
time) (whereupon the Administrative Agent shall notify the RMB Settlement 
Agent), reimburse the RMB Settlement Agent for the benefit of the RMB 
Fronting Bank for the amount of any drawing under a RMB Letter of Credit 
issued for the account of such RMB Borrower in whole or in part in any 
amount.
 
  	(iii) 	  	Any RMB Borrower may at any time return any undrawn RMB Letter 
of Credit issued for the account of such RMB Borrower to the RMB Fronting 
Bank in whole, but not in part, so long as such RMB Letter of Credit is 
authenticated as returned and cancelled by the applicable bank for the 
beneficiary of such RMB Letter of Credit, and the RMB Fronting Bank within 
a reasonable period of time shall give the Administrative Agent, the RMB 
Settlement Agent and each of the RMB Lenders notice of such return.
 
  	(iv) 	  	The RMB Borrowers jointly may at any time and from time to time 
cancel all or any part of the RMB Commitments in an amount of RMB5,000,000 
or more in multiples of RMB1,000,000 by the delivery to the Administrative 
Agent (whereupon the Administrative Agent shall notify the RMB Settlement 
Agent) of a notice of cancellation within the applicable time periods set 
forth in Clause 2.6(i) if there are no RMB Advances then outstanding or, if 
there are RMB Advances outstanding at such time as to which the RMB 
Commitments with respect thereto are being cancelled, upon at least four 
(4) Business Days prior written notice (by 1:00 p.m. (Beijing time)) to 
the Administrative Agent, whereupon all or such portion of the RMB 
Commitments, as applicable, shall terminate as to the applicable RMB 
Lenders, pro rata on the date set forth in such

20

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	notice of cancellation, and, if there are any RMB Advances then 
outstanding, the applicable RMB Borrowers shall prepay all or such portion 
of RMB Advances outstanding on such date in accordance with the 
requirements of Clause 2.6(i). In no event shall any RMB Borrower be 
permitted to cancel RMB Commitments for which a RMB Letter of Credit has 
been issued and is outstanding unless the applicable RMB Borrower for whose 
account such RMB Letter of Credit was issued returns (or causes to be 
returned) such RMB Letter of Credit to the RMB Fronting Bank. The notice of 
cancellation issued by any RMB Borrower shall be irrevocable.
 
  	(v) 	  	Any amounts so prepaid pursuant to Clause 2.6(i) may be 
reborrowed. In the event the RMB Borrowers elect to cancel all or any 
portion of the RMB Commitments pursuant to Clause 2.6 (iv) hereof, such 
amounts may not be reborrowed.

2.7 	  	Mandatory Prepayment

  	(i) 	  	If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that all 
outstanding RMB Advances (plus the outstanding amount of RMB Letters of 
Credit Usage) shall exceed 105% of the RMB Facility Amount, then the RMB 
Borrower, within three (3) Business Days after notice thereof from the 
Administrative Agent, shall repay all or a portion of the outstanding RMB 
Advances in such amount so that the aggregate thereof shall not exceed the 
then RMB Facility Amount.
 
  	(ii) 	  	If a RMB Borrower disposes of a real estate asset (or a 
beneficial interest therein) to a third party on an arms length basis 
(excluding any disposition to an Affiliate of AMB LP, provided that such 
real estate asset continues to be managed by a AMB LP or a Subsidiary of 
AMB LP), such RMB Borrower shall within three (3) Business Days of the 
settlement date of such disposal prepay to the Administrative Agent 
(whereupon the Administrative Agent shall notify the RMB Settlement Agent) 
all RMB Advances owed by it with respect to the real estate asset or 
beneficial interest so disposed together with accrued interest on such 
amount.

2.8 	  	RMB Secured Option

  	(i) 	  	Each RMB Borrower shall have the option, exercisable upon not 
less than thirty (30) days notice to the Administrative Agent to cause any 
one or more of the RMB Advances to be made to such RMB Borrower to be 
secured by the RMB Secured Property (as defined below) or a pledge of

21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	the equity interests of such RMB Borrower as designated in such 
notice (such option being the RMB Secured Option). In the event any RMB 
Borrower elects the RMB Secured Option with respect to any RMB Advances 
after such date, such RMB Advance shall be secured by, at such RMB 
Borrowers option, either:

  	(a) 	  	a first priority mortgage on all real estate assets purchased 
with the proceeds of the RMB Advance (the RMB Secured Property) 
substantially in the form of Exhibit B or otherwise reasonably acceptable 
to the Administrative Agent (a RMB Mortgage); or
 
  	(b) 	  	a first priority pledge of all of the equity interest of the RMB 
Borrower which owns the RMB Secured Property substantially in the form of 
Exhibit C or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (a 
RMB Share Pledge).

  	  	  	In each case, the RMB Mortgage or RMB Share Pledge, as the case 
may be, and such other documents and filings reasonably necessary to 
perfect and evidence the RMB Lenders first priority security interest are 
referred to as the RMB Security Documents and such security is referred 
to as the RMB Collateral).
 
  	(ii) 	  	Each RMB Borrower shall have the option, upon ten (10) Business 
Days prior written notice to Administrative Agent, to substitute the type 
of RMB Security Document securing RMB Collateral (i.e., a RMB Mortgage can 
be substituted with a RMB Share Pledge on the preferred or common stock or 
membership interests of such RMB Borrower; a RMB Share Pledge can be 
substituted with a RMB Mortgage; and a RMB Share Pledge on common stock can 
be substituted with a RMB Share Pledge on preferred stock), provided (i) 
such RMB Borrower has satisfied all the conditions to the RMB Advance as 
set forth in Clause 2.8(i), (ii) such RMB Borrower pays all of the Agents 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with such substitution and 
release, and (iii) such RMB Borrower causes the Guarantors under the Master 
Agreement to deliver a Ratification (as defined in the Master Agreement). 
With respect to any substitution of RMB Collateral as contemplated by this 
Clause 2.8(ii), the original RMB Collateral shall not be released unless 
and until the new RMB Security Document(s) with respect to the new RMB 
Collateral is effectively registered and (ii) the RMB Borrower proposing 
such substitution shall have the obligation to submit the new Security 
Document(s) to the relevant governmental authority for registration and, in 
the case of any RMB Share Pledge, the RMB Security Document(s) shall

22

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	be recorded in the shareholder list maintained by the RMB 
Borrower.
 
  	(iii) 	  	Each RMB Borrower shall have the option, upon five (5) 
Business Days prior notice to Administrative Agent, to obtain a release of 
RMB Collateral securing an RMB Advance provided that such RMB Borrower (i) 
prepays the RMB Advance secured thereby and (ii) pays all of the Agents 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with such release.
 
  	(iv) 	  	Upon ten (10) Business Days notice to Administrative Agent, 
another RMB Borrower (the Assuming RMB Borrower) may assume a RMB Advance 
made to a RMB Borrower provided that, upon the assumption by such Assuming 
RMB Borrower of such RMB Advance, (i) the Assuming RMB Borrower delivers 
RMB Collateral of the type selected by the Assuming RMB Borrower under 
Clause 2.8(i), (ii) the Assuming RMB Borrower satisfies all the conditions 
to the original Advance as set forth in Clause 3.2, and (iii) the Assuming 
RMB Borrower pays all of the Agents reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in 
connection with such release. The release of the original RMB Borrower and 
such original RMB Collateral shall occur simultaneously with the assumption 
of the RMB Advance by the Assuming RMB Borrower and the substitution of the 
RMB Collateral. In no event shall the Administrative Agent release any such 
RMB Collateral unless and until substitute RMB Collateral has been 
obtained, to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent.
 
  	(v) 	  	The Administrative Agent shall notify the RMB Settlement Agent 
of any creation, substitution, release or assumption of security made 
hereunder prior to the time such security is to take effect.

2.9 	  	General Provisions as to Payments

  	(i) 	  	Each RMB Borrower shall make each payment of the principal of 
and interest on its RMB Advances and fees hereunder, by initiating a wire 
transfer not later than 11:00 a.m. (Beijing time) on the date when due in 
Renminbi immediately available in Shanghai, PRC to the RMB Settlement Agent 
at its account referred to in Clause 8, and each RMB Borrower shall deliver 
to the RMB Settlement Agent evidence of such wire as soon as possible 
thereafter on the date when due. The RMB Settlement Agent will promptly 
(and in any event within one (1) Business Day after receipt thereof) 
distribute to each RMB Lender its ratable share of each such payment 
received by the RMB Settlement Agent for the account of the RMB Lenders. If 
and to the extent that the RMB Settlement Agent shall receive any such 
payment for the account of the RMB Lenders on or before 11:00 a.m. (Beijing 
time) on any Business Day, and RMB Settlement

23

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	Agent shall not have distributed to any RMB Lender its applicable 
share of such payment on such day, RMB Settlement Agent shall distribute 
such amount to such RMB Lender together with interest thereon, for each day 
from the date such amount should have been distributed to such RMB Lender 
until the date RMB Settlement Agent distributes such amount to such RMB 
Lender, at the Interest Rate. Whenever any payment of principal of, or 
interest on the RMB Advances or of fees shall be due on a day which is not 
a Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall be extended to the next 
succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar 
month, in which case the date for payment thereof shall be the immediately 
preceding Business Day. If the date for any payment of principal is 
extended by operation of law or otherwise, interest thereon shall be 
payable for such extended time.
 
  	(ii) 	  	Unless the RMB Settlement Agent shall have received notice from 
the applicable RMB Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due 
to the RMB Lenders hereunder that such RMB Borrower will not make such 
payment in full, the RMB Settlement Agent may assume that such RMB Borrower 
has made such payment in full to the RMB Settlement Agent on such date and 
the RMB Settlement Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be 
distributed to each RMB Lender on such due date an amount equal to the 
amount then due to such RMB Lender. If and to the extent that such RMB 
Borrower shall not have so made such payment, each RMB Lender shall repay 
to the RMB Settlement Agent forthwith on demand such amount distributed to 
such RMB Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date 
such amount is distributed to such RMB Lender until the date such RMB 
Lender repays such amount to the RMB Settlement Agent, at the Interest 
Rate.

2.10 	  	Computation of Interest and Fees All interest and fees shall be 
computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and paid for the actual number 
of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All 
interest and fees payable or paid by the RMB Borrower under this Agreement 
shall be denominated in RMB.
 
2.11 	  	Use of Proceeds Each RMB Borrower shall use the proceeds of the 
RMB Advances (i) to fund the acquisition and development of properties, or 
the acquisition of beneficial interests in properties in PRC and (ii) for 
other real estate purposes in PRC, provided that in no event shall any RMB 
Borrower further lend the proceeds of any RMB Advances to any unrelated 
third party. Neither the Agent nor any RMB Lenders shall have any 
responsibility to see to the application of the proceeds by the RMB 
Borrower as long as each complies with the mandatory banking regulations of 
China.
 
2.12 	  	RMB Letters of Credit

24

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	(i) 	  	Subject to the terms contained in this Agreement and the other 
RMB Loan Documents, upon the receipt of a notice in accordance with Clause 
2.2(ii) requesting the issuance of a RMB Letter of Credit, the RMB Fronting 
Bank shall issue a RMB Letter of Credit or RMB Letters of Credit in such 
form as is reasonably acceptable to the applicable RMB Borrower (subject to 
the provisions of Clause 2.2(ii)) in an amount or amounts equal to the 
amount or amounts requested by such RMB Borrower; provided that the RMB 
Fronting Bank shall issue the same only in Renminbi.
 
  	(ii) 	  	Each RMB Letter of Credit shall be issued in the minimum amount 
of the RMB equivalent of JPY10,000,000 or such lesser amount as may be 
agreed to by the RMB Fronting Bank.
 
  	(iii) 	  	The Alternate Currency Letter of Credit Usage and the Letter 
of Credit Usage, in the aggregate, shall be no more than the lesser of (i) 
RMB100,000,000 and (ii) twenty percent (20%) of the Facility Amount at any 
one time.
 
  	(iv) 	  	There shall be no more than twenty-five (25) Letters of Credit 
and Alternate Currency Letters of Credit outstanding at any one time, under 
this Agreement, the Master Agreement and the other Alternate Currency Loan 
Documents (as defined in the Master Agreement).
 
  	(v) 	  	In the event of any request for a drawing under any RMB Letter 
of Credit by the beneficiary thereunder, the RMB Fronting Bank shall notify 
the applicable RMB Borrower and the Administrative Agent (and the 
Administrative Agent shall notify each RMB Lender and the RMB Settlement 
Agent thereof) at least two (2) Business Days prior to the date on which 
the RMB Fronting Bank intends to honor such drawing, and, except as 
provided in this subsection (v), such RMB Borrower shall reimburse the RMB 
Fronting Bank, in immediately available funds in Renminbi, on the same day 
on which such drawing is honored in an amount equal to the amount of such 
drawing. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, 
however, unless the applicable RMB Borrower shall have notified the 
Administrative Agent and the RMB Fronting Bank prior to 1:00 P.M. (Beijing 
time), and the RMB Fronting Bank shall notify the RMB Lenders prior to 2:00 
P.M. (Beijing time), not less than two (2) Business Days prior to the date 
of such drawing that such RMB Borrower intends to reimburse the RMB 
Fronting Bank for the amount of such drawing with funds other than the 
proceeds of the RMB Advances, such Borrower shall be deemed to have timely 
given a Notice

25

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	of RMB Borrowing pursuant to Clause 2.2 to the Administrative 
Agent, requesting a RMB Advance on the date on which such drawing is 
honored and in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing. Each RMB 
Lender (other than the RMB Fronting Bank) shall make available its pro rata 
share of such RMB Advance to the RMB Settlement Agent, the proceeds of 
which shall be applied directly by the RMB Settlement Agent to reimburse 
the RMB Fronting Bank for the amount of such draw. In the event that any 
RMB Lender fails to make available to the RMB Settlement Agent (for the 
account of the RMB Fronting Bank) the amount of such RMB Lenders 
participation on the date of a drawing, the RMB Fronting Bank shall be 
entitled to recover such amount on demand from such RMB Lender together 
with interest at the Interest Rate commencing on the date such drawing is 
honored.
 
  	(vi) 	  	If, at the time a beneficiary under any RMB Letter of Credit 
requests a drawing thereunder, a Guarantor Event of Default as described in 
Clause 6.3(f) or 6.3(g) of the Master Agreement shall have occurred and is 
continuing or an RMB Borrower Event of Default as described in Clause 
5.1(iv) or Clause 5.1(v) with respect to the RMB Borrower for whose account 
such RMB Letter of Credit was issued shall have occurred and is continuing, 
then on the date on which the RMB Fronting Bank shall have honored such 
drawing, the applicable RMB Borrower shall have an unreimbursed obligation 
(the Unreimbursed Obligation) to the RMB Fronting Bank in an amount equal 
to the amount of such drawing, which amount shall bear interest at the 
annual rate of the sum of the Interest Rate plus two percent (2%). Each RMB 
Lender shall purchase an undivided participating interest in such drawing 
in an amount equal to its pro rata share of the RMB Commitments, and upon 
receipt thereof the RMB Fronting Bank shall deliver to such RMB Lender an 
Unreimbursed Obligation participation certificate dated the date of the RMB 
Fronting Banks receipt of such funds and in the amount of such RMB 
Lenders pro rata share.
 
  	(vii) 	  	If, after the date hereof, any change in any applicable law or 
regulation or in the interpretation thereof by any court or administrative 
or governmental authority charged with the administration thereof shall 
either (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit 
or similar requirement against letters of credit issued by, or assets held 
by, or deposits in or for the account of, or participations in any letter 
of credit, upon any RMB Lender (including any RMB Fronting Bank) or (ii) 
impose on any RMB Lender any other condition regarding this Agreement or 
such RMB Lender (including any RMB Fronting Bank) as it pertains to any

26

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	RMB Letter of Credit or any participation therein and the result 
of any event referred to in the preceding clause (i) or (ii) shall be to 
increase, by an amount deemed by the RMB Fronting Bank or such RMB Lender 
to be material, the cost to the RMB Fronting Bank or any RMB Lender of 
issuing or maintaining such RMB Letter of Credit or participating therein, 
then the RMB Borrower for whose account such RMB Letter of Credit was 
issued shall pay to the RMB Fronting Bank or such RMB Lender, within 15 
days after written demand by the RMB Fronting Bank or such RMB Lender (with 
a copy to the Administrative Agent whereupon the Administrative Agent shall 
notify the RMB Settlement Agent), which demand shall be accompanied by a 
certificate showing, in reasonable detail, the calculation of such amount 
or amounts, such additional amounts as shall be required to compensate the 
RMB Fronting Bank or such RMB Lender for such increased costs or reduction 
in amounts received or receivable hereunder. Each RMB Lender will promptly 
notify each affected RMB Borrower and the Administrative Agent of any event 
of which it has knowledge, occurring after the date hereof, which will 
entitle such RMB Lender to compensation pursuant to this Clause 2.12 and 
will designate a different RMB Facility Office if such designation will 
avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, such compensation and will 
not, in the reasonable judgment of such RMB Lender be otherwise 
disadvantageous to such RMB Lender. If such RMB Lender shall fail to notify 
any affected RMB Borrower of any such event within 90 days following the 
end of the month during which such event occurred, then such RMB Borrowers 
liability for any amounts described in this Clause incurred by such RMB 
Lender as a result of such event shall be limited to those attributable to 
the period occurring subsequent to the tenth (10th) day prior to, but 
excluding, the date upon which such RMB Lender actually notified such RMB 
Borrower of the occurrence of such event. A certificate of the RMB Fronting 
Bank or any RMB Lender claiming compensation under this Clause 2.12 and 
setting forth a reasonably detailed calculation of the additional amount or 
amounts to be paid to it hereunder shall be conclusive in the absence of 
demonstrable error. In determining such amount, the RMB Fronting Bank or 
such RMB Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods.
 
  	(viii) 	  	Each RMB Borrower hereby agrees to protect, indemnify, pay 
and save the RMB Fronting Bank harmless from and against any and all 
claims, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, charges and expenses 
(including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) which the RMB 
Fronting Bank may incur or be subject to as a result of (i) the issuance of 
RMB Letters of Credit for the account of such RMB Borrower, other than

27

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	to the extent of the bad faith, gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of the RMB Fronting Bank or (ii) the failure of the RMB Fronting 
Bank to honor a drawing under such RMB Letter of Credit as a result of any 
act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de 
jure or de facto government or governmental authority (collectively, 
Governmental Acts), other than to the extent of the bad faith, gross 
negligence or willful misconduct of the RMB Fronting Bank. As between the 
RMB Borrower for whose account the RMB Letter of Credit was issued and the 
RMB Fronting Bank, such RMB Borrower assumes all risks of the acts and 
omissions of any beneficiary with respect to its use, or misuses of, such 
RMB Letter of Credit issued by the RMB Fronting Bank. In furtherance and 
not in limitation of the foregoing, the RMB Fronting Bank shall not be 
responsible (i) for the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness 
or legal effect of any document submitted by any party in connection with 
the application for and issuance of such RMB Letters of Credit, even if it 
should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, 
inaccurate, fraudulent or forged; (ii) for the validity or insufficiency of 
any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or 
assign any such RMB Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder 
or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or 
ineffective for any reason; (iii) for failure of the beneficiary of any 
such RMB Letter of Credit to comply fully with conditions required in order 
to draw upon such RMB Letter of Credit, other than as a result of the bad 
faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the RMB Fronting Bank; 
(iv) for errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or 
delivery of any message, by mail, cable, telegraph, facsimile transmission, 
or otherwise; (v) for errors in interpretation of any technical terms; (vi) 
for any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any documents 
required in order to make a drawing under any such RMB Letter of Credit or 
of the proceeds thereof; (vii) for the misapplication by the beneficiary of 
any such RMB Letter of Credit of the proceeds of such RMB Letter of Credit; 
and (viii) for any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of 
the RMB Fronting Bank, including any Governmental Acts, in each case other 
than to the extent of the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct 
of the RMB Fronting Bank. None of the above shall affect, impair or prevent 
the vesting of the RMB Fronting Banks rights and powers hereunder. In 
furtherance and extension and not in limitation of the specific provisions 
hereinabove set forth, any action taken or omitted by the RMB Fronting Bank 
under or in connection with the RMB Letters of Credit issued by it or the 
related certificates, if taken or omitted in good faith, shall not put the 
RMB Fronting Bank under any resulting liability to any RMB Borrower; 
provided that, notwithstanding anything in

28

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	the foregoing to the contrary, the RMB Fronting Bank will be 
liable to the RMB Borrower for whose account a RMB Letter of Credit was 
issued for any damages suffered by such RMB Borrower or its Subsidiaries as 
a result of the RMB Fronting Banks grossly negligent or willful failure to 
pay under such RMB Letter of Credit after the presentation to it of a sight 
draft and certificates strictly in compliance with the terms and conditions 
of such RMB Letter of Credit.
 
  	(ix) 	  	If the RMB Fronting Bank or the RMB Settlement Agent is 
required at any time, pursuant to any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation 
or reorganization law or otherwise, to return to a RMB Borrower any 
reimbursement by such RMB Borrower of any drawing under any RMB Letter of 
Credit, each RMB Lender shall pay to the RMB Fronting Bank or the RMB 
Settlement Agent, as the case may be, its pro rata share of such payment, 
but without interest thereon unless the RMB Fronting Bank or the RMB 
Settlement Agent is required to pay interest on such amounts to the Person 
recovering such payment, in which case with interest thereon, computed at 
the same rate, and on the same basis, as the interest that the RMB Fronting 
Bank or the RMB Settlement Agent is required to pay.

2.13 	  	Letter of Credit Usage Absolute The obligations of each RMB 
Borrower under this Agreement in respect of any RMB Letter of Credit issued 
for the account of such RMB Borrower shall be unconditional and 
irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement (as the same may be amended from time to time) and any RMB 
Letter of Credit Documents (as hereinafter defined) under all 
circumstances, including, without limitation, to the extent permitted by 
law, the following circumstances:

  	(a) 	  	any lack of validity or enforceability of any RMB Letter of 
Credit or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto (collectively, 
the RMB Letter of Credit Documents) or any RMB Loan Document;
 
  	(b) 	  	any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any 
other term of, all or any of the obligations of any RMB Borrower in respect 
of any other RMB Letters of Credit issued for the account of such RMB 
Borrower or any other RMB Borrower or any other amendment or waiver of or 
any consent by any RMB Borrower to depart from all or any of the RMB Letter 
of Credit Documents or any RMB Loan Document; provided, that the RMB 
Fronting Bank shall not consent to any such change or amendment unless 
previously consented to in writing by the RMB Borrower for whose account 
the RMB Letter of Credit was issued;

29

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	(c) 	  	any exchange, release or non-perfection of any collateral, or 
any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any 
guaranty, for all or any of the obligations of any RMB Borrower in respect 
of any RMB Letters of Credit issued for the account of such RMB Borrower;
 
  	(d) 	  	the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that 
such RMB Borrower may have at any time against any beneficiary or any 
transferee of a RMB Letter of Credit (or any Persons for whom any such 
beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the Agent, the RMB 
Fronting Bank or any RMB Lender (other than a defense based on the bad 
faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Agent, the RMB 
Fronting Bank or such RMB Lender) or any other Person, whether in 
connection with the RMB Loan Documents, the transactions contemplated 
hereby or any unrelated transaction;
 
  	(e) 	  	any draft or any other document presented under or in connection 
with any RMB Letter of Credit or other RMB Loan Document proving to be 
forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement 
therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; provided, that payment 
by the RMB Fronting Bank under such RMB Letter of Credit against 
presentation of such draft or document shall not have been the result of 
the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the RMB Fronting 
Bank;
 
  	(f) 	  	payment by the RMB Fronting Bank against presentation of a draft 
or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of the RMB 
Letter of Credit; provided, that such payment shall not have been the 
result of the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the RMB 
Fronting Bank; and
 
  	(g) 	  	any other circumstance or happening whatsoever other than the 
payment in full of all obligations hereunder in respect of any RMB Letter 
of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating to any RMB Letter of 
Credit, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might 
otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the 
applicable RMB Borrower; provided, that such other circumstance or 
happening shall not have been the result of bad faith, gross negligence or 
willful misconduct of the RMB Fronting Bank.

2.14 	  	RMB Letters of Credit Maturing after Final Maturity

  	(i) 	  	Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if 
any RMB

30

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	Letters of Credit, by their terms, shall mature after Final 
Maturity, then, on and after Final Maturity, the provisions of this 
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect with respect to such RMB 
Letters of Credit, and the RMB Borrower shall comply with the provisions of 
Clause 2.14(ii). No RMB Letter of Credit shall mature on a date that is 
more than twelve (12) months after Final Maturity then in effect.
 
  	(ii) 	  	If, at any time and from time to time, any RMB Letter of Credit 
shall have been issued hereunder and the same shall expire on a date after 
Final Maturity, then, on the date of Final Maturity, the RMB Borrower shall 
pay to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the RMB Lenders, in same day 
funds at the Administrative Agents office designated in such demand, for 
deposit in the RMB Letter of Credit Collateral Account, RMB Letter of 
Credit Collateral in an amount equal to the RMB Letter of Credit Usage 
under the RMB Letter of Credit. Interest shall accrue on the RMB Letter of 
Credit Collateral Account in accordance with the provisions of Clause 
4.2(i).

2.15 	  	Addition of Qualified RMB Borrowers; Release of Qualified RMB 
Borrowers

  	(i) 	  	If after the date hereof, AMB Property, L.P., desires to cause a 
Subsidiary of AMB Property, L.P. which otherwise satisfies the definition 
of a Qualified RMB Borrower hereunder to become a Qualified RMB Borrower 
hereunder, then AMB Property, L.P., shall so notify the Administrative 
Agent and, upon satisfaction of the following conditions, such Subsidiary 
shall become a Qualified RMB Borrower under this Agreement:

  	(a) 	  	such Subsidiary shall duly execute and deliver to the 
Administrative Agent a Qualified RMB Borrower Joinder Agreement; and
 
  	(b) 	  	such Subsidiary shall satisfy all of the conditions with respect 
thereto set forth in the Qualified RMB Borrower Joinder Agreement.

  	  	  	The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each RMB Lender 
upon a Subsidiarys addition as a Qualified RMB Borrower hereunder. Each 
such Qualified RMB Borrower shall remain a Qualified RMB Borrower hereunder 
until released as provided in Clause 2.15(ii) below.
 
  	(ii) 	  	At such time as no RMB Advances are outstanding as to any RMB 
Borrower, at the option of such RMB Borrower or AMB Property, L.P.,

31

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	and upon notice to Administrative Agent, such RMB Borrower shall 
be released as a Qualified RMB Borrower under the RMB Loan Documents, and 
the RMB Security Documents, if any, of such Qualified RMB Borrower shall be 
released.
 
  	(iii) 	  	The Administrative Agent shall notify the RMB Settlement Agent 
of any addition or release of Qualified RMB Borrowers made hereunder prior 
to the time such action is to take effect.

2.16 	  	RMB Lenders Rights and Obligations Several The rights and 
obligations of each RMB Lender hereunder are several and the failure by a 
RMB Lender to perform its obligations hereunder shall not affect the 
obligations of the RMB Borrower towards any other party hereto nor shall 
any other party be liable for the failure by such RMB Lender to perform its 
obligations hereunder. The amount owing at any time to a RMB Lender shall 
be a separate and independent debt from the amount owing to any other RMB 
Lenders.

2.17 	  	Denomination of RMB Any amount advanced by the RMB Lenders to the 
RMB Borrower under this Agreement shall be denominated in RMB.

2.18 	  	Control Accounts The RMB Settlement Agent shall record the date, 
amount, type and maturity of each RMB Advance made by each RMB Lender and 
the date and amount of each payment of principal made by each RMB Borrower, 
with respect thereto; provided that the failure of the RMB Settlement Agent 
to make any such recordation shall not affect the obligations of any RMB 
Borrower hereunder. Each RMB Lender shall record the date, amount, type and 
maturity of each RMB Advance made by it and the date and amount of each 
payment of principal made by the applicable RMB Borrower, with respect 
thereto; provided that the failure of such RMB Lender to make any such 
recordation shall not affect the obligations of any RMB Borrower hereunder. 
The Administrative Agent shall calculate the JPY equivalent of all 
outstanding RMB Advances denominated in RMB monthly and at the time of each 
RMB Advance.

2.19 	  	Fees

  	(i) 	  	Each RMB Borrower acknowledges that pursuant to Clause 2.9(a) of 
the Master Agreement, the Credit Parties (as defined in the Master 
Agreement) are obligated to pay a facility fee in accordance with the terms 
thereof. Each RMB Borrower agrees and acknowledges that it shall be liable 
for its pro rata share of such facility fees prorata with the other Credit 
Parties and all other Alternate Currency Borrowers (as defined in the 
Master Agreement) based upon its respective RMB Advances and RMB Letters of 
Credit Usage and the Advances,

32

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	Letter of Credit Usage, Alternate Currency Advances and Alternate 
Currency Letter of Credit Usage of all other Credit Parties and other 
Alternate Currency Credit Parties, as applicable.
 
  	(ii) 	  	During the Term and thereafter for so long as any RMB Letter of 
Credit shall be outstanding, each RMB Borrower shall pay to the RMB 
Settlement Agent, for the account of the RMB Lenders in proportion to their 
interests in respect of undrawn RMB Letters of Credit issued for the 
account of such RMB Borrower, a fee (a RMB Letter of Credit Fee) in an 
amount, provided that no Guarantor Event of Default shall have occurred and 
be continuing and no RMB Borrower Event of Default shall have occurred and 
be continuing with respect to such RMB Borrower, equal to a rate per annum 
equal to the then percentage per annum of the Applicable Margin (as defined 
in the Master Agreement) as determined by the Administrative Agent with 
respect to TIBOR Loans (as defined in the Master Agreement), on the daily 
average of such issued and undrawn RMB Letters of Credit, which fee shall 
be payable, in arrears, on each January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 
during the Term and for so long as any RMB Letter of Credit shall be 
outstanding. From the occurrence, and during the continuance, of a 
Guarantor Event of Default or a RMB Borrower Event of Default with respect 
to such RMB Borrower, such fee shall be increased to be equal to two 
percent (2%) per annum on the daily average of such issued and undrawn RMB 
Letters of Credit. The RMB Letter of Credit Fee shall be payable in RMB.
 
  	(iii) 	  	Each RMB Borrower shall pay the RMB Fronting Bank, for its own 
account, a fee (a RMB Fronting Bank Fee) at a rate per annum equal to the 
greater of (i) .125% of the undrawn amount of such RMB Letter of Credit 
issued by such RMB Fronting Bank for the account of such RMB Borrower (the 
RMB Annual Fronting Bank Fee) and (ii) the RMB equivalent of JPY25,000, 
which RMB Fronting Bank Fee shall be in addition to and not in lieu of, the 
RMB Letter of Credit Fee. The RMB Fronting Bank Fee shall be payable in 
arrears on each January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 during the Term in 
RMB.
 
  	(iv) 	  	All fees set forth in this Clause 2.19 shall be deemed to have 
been earned on the date payment is due in accordance with the provisions 
hereof and shall be non-refundable. The obligation of any RMB Borrower to 
pay such fees in accordance with the provisions hereof shall be binding 
upon the RMB Borrower and shall inure to the benefit of the RMB Finance 
Parties regardless of whether any RMB Advances are actually made.

2.20 	  	Reimbursement of Costs Each RMB Borrower may prepay any RMB 
Advance pursuant to the terms hereof, provided always that such RMB 
Borrower shall hold harmless and indemnify the RMB Lenders against all 
reasonable costs and

33

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

expenses incurred by or as a consequence of such prepayment, which costs 
and expenses as reasonably determined by the RMB Lenders shall be paid 
within 15 days after certification of such RMB Lender and calculated as 
follows: (a) the then applicable Interest Rate minus the greater of the RMB 
Lenders saving deposit rate or 0%, times (b) the prepaid RMB Advance 
amount, times (c) actual number of days remaining prior to the expiration 
of the then current Interest Period for such RMB Advance, (d) divided by 
360. A statement in reasonable detail of the calculation of such costs and 
expenses shall be sent to the RMB Borrower. Additionally, if any RMB 
Borrower revokes or fails to borrow pursuant to any Notice of RMB 
Borrowing, such RMB Borrower shall reimburse each RMB Lender within 15 days 
after certification of such RMB Lender of such loss or expense (which shall 
be delivered by each such RMB Lender to Administrative Agent for delivery 
to such RMB Borrower) for any resulting loss or expense incurred by it (or 
by an existing Participant in the related RMB Advance), including, without 
limitation, any loss incurred in obtaining, liquidating or employing 
deposits from third parties, but excluding loss of margin for the period 
after any such payment or failure to borrow, provided that such RMB Lender 
shall have delivered to Administrative Agent and Administrative Agent shall 
have delivered to such RMB Borrower a certification as to the amount of 
such loss or expense, which certification shall set forth in reasonable 
detail the basis for and calculation of such loss or expense and shall be 
conclusive in the absence of demonstrable error.

CLAUSE 3 Conditions Precedent

3.1 	  	Conditions Precedent to the First RMB Advance or RMB Letter of 
Credit Issuance The closing hereunder shall occur on the date when each of 
the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in writing by the 
Administrative Agent and all of the RMB Lenders):

  	(i) 	  	the Initial RMB Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the RMB 
Settlement Agent and each of the RMB Lenders shall have executed and 
delivered to the Administrative Agent a duly executed original of this 
Agreement;
 
  	(ii) 	  	each Qualified RMB Borrower, if any, shall have executed and 
delivered to the Administrative Agent a duly executed original of a 
Qualified RMB Borrower Joinder Agreement;
 
  	(iii) 	  	the Administrative Agent shall have received an opinion of 
Zhong Lun

34

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	W&D Law Firm, PRC counsel for the RMB Borrowers, in the form 
acceptable to the Administrative Agent, the RMB Lenders and their counsel;
 
  	(iv) 	  	the Administrative Agent shall have received all documents the 
Administrative Agent may reasonably request relating to the existence of 
the RMB Borrowers, the authority for and the validity of this Agreement and 
the other RMB Loan Documents, the incumbency of officers executing this 
Agreement and the other RMB Loan Documents and any other matters relevant 
hereto, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
Such documentation shall include, without limitation, the items listed in 
Section 2 of the Second Schedule, as applicable each as amended, modified 
or supplemented to the Closing Date, certified to be true, correct and 
complete by a duly authorized officer of the applicable Person as of a date 
not more than ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date;
 
  	(v) 	  	each RMB Borrower as of the Closing Date shall have executed a 
solvency certificate acceptable to the Administrative Agent;
 
  	(vi) 	  	the Administrative Agent shall have received all certificates, 
agreements and other documents and papers referred to in this Clause 3.1 
and the Notice of RMB Borrowing referred to in Clause 3.2, if applicable, 
unless otherwise specified, in sufficient counterparts, satisfactory in 
form and substance to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion;
 
  	(vii) 	  	to the extent a RMB Borrower is a party to such agreement, 
such RMB Borrower shall have taken all actions required to authorize the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Qualified RMB Borrower 
Joinder Agreement and the other RMB Loan Documents and the performance 
thereof;
 
  	(viii) 	  	the RMB Lenders shall be satisfied that no RMB Borrower nor 
any Consolidated Subsidiary is subject to any present or contingent 
environmental liability which could have a Material Adverse Effect and AMB 
Property Corporation shall have delivered a certificate so stating;
 
  	(ix) 	  	the reasonable fees and expenses accrued through the Closing 
Date of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP and Jun He Law Offices, if 
required by such firm and if such firm has delivered an invoice in 
reasonable detail of such fees and expenses in sufficient time for each RMB 
Borrower to approve and process the same, shall have been paid to

35

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP and Jun He Law Offices, 
respectively;
 
  	(x) 	  	each RMB Borrower shall have delivered copies of all consents, 
licenses and approvals, if any, required in connection with the execution, 
delivery and performance by such RMB Borrower of the RMB Loan Documents to 
which such RMB Borrower is a party and the validity and enforceability of 
the RMB Loan Documents, or in connection with any of the transactions 
contemplated thereby, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in 
full force and effect;
 
  	(xi) 	  	no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred; and
 
  	(xii) 	  	each of AMB Property, L.P. and AMB Property Corporation shall 
have delivered a certificate in form acceptable to Administrative Agent 
showing compliance with the requirements of Section 5.8 of the Master 
Agreement as of the Closing Date.

3.2 	  	Conditions Precedent to Each RMB Advance and/or Each Issuance of a 
RMB Letter of Credit The obligation of any RMB Lender to make a RMB Advance 
or to participate in any RMB Letter of Credit issued by the RMB Fronting 
Bank and the obligation of the RMB Fronting Bank to issue a RMB Letter of 
Credit on the occasion of any RMB Advance is subject to the satisfaction of 
the following conditions:

  	(i) 	  	receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Notice of RMB Borrowing 
as required by Clause 2.2 or a request to cause a RMB Fronting Bank to 
issue a RMB Letter of Credit pursuant to Clause 2.12;
 
  	(ii) 	  	if so requested by the Administrative Agent, the RMB Borrower 
shall furnish to the Administrative Agent an opinion of a PRC counsel for 
the RMB Borrowers, acceptable to the Administrative Agent, the RMB Lenders 
and their counsel, opining that the intended use of the proceeds to fund 
the acquisition and development of properties, or the acquisition of 
beneficial interests in properties in PRC and for other real estate 
purposes in PRC complies in all respect with the then current requirements 
of the PRC law and regulations;
 
  	(iii) 	  	in the event that any RMB Borrower exercised the RMB Secured 
Option, on or before the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to such 
RMB Advance, such RMB Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent 
each of the items listed in Section 1 of the Second Schedule;

36

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	(iv) 	  	immediately after such RMB Advance, the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of the RMB Advances plus the RMB Letter of Credit Usage 
will not exceed the aggregate amount of the RMB Commitments;
 
  	(v) 	  	deliver a certified copy of the receipt evidencing payment of 
all stamp duty payable in respect of this Agreement and the RMB Advance;
 
  	(vi) 	  	immediately before and after giving effect to such RMB Advance 
or issuance of any RMB Letter of Credit, no Guarantor Default or Guarantor 
Event of Default, and no RMB Borrower Default or RMB Borrower Event of 
Default with respect to such RMB Borrower, shall have occurred and be 
continuing;
 
  	(vii) 	  	the representations and warranties of such RMB Borrower 
contained in this Agreement and the RMB Loan Documents and the 
representations and warranties of AMB Property, L.P., and AMB Property 
Corporation in the Master Agreement (in each case, other than 
representations and warranties which expressly speak as of a different 
date) shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the 
date of such RMB Advance both before and after giving effect to the making 
of such RMB Advances;
 
  	(viii) 	  	no law or regulation shall have been adopted, no order, 
judgment or decree of any governmental authority shall have been issued, 
and no litigation shall be pending, which does or seeks to enjoin, prohibit 
or restrain, the making or repayment of the RMB Advances (or any RMB Letter 
of Credit, as applicable) or the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement; and
 
  	(ix) 	  	no event, act or condition shall have occurred after the 
Closing Date which, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent 
or the Majority RMB Lenders, as the case may be, has had or is likely to 
have a Material Adverse Effect.

Each RMB Advance hereunder or issuance of a RMB Letter of Credit hereunder 
shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by each RMB Borrower 
receiving such RMB Advance or for whose account such RMB Letter of Credit 
is being issued on the date of such RMB Advance as to the facts specified 
in clauses (iv), (vi), (vii), (viii) and (ix) (to the extent that such RMB 
Borrower is or should have been aware of any Material Adverse Effect) of 
this Clause, except as otherwise disclosed in writing by such RMB Borrower 
to the RMB Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no making of 
a RMB Advance or

37

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

issuance of a RMB Letter of Credit shall be permitted hereunder if such RMB 
Advance or RMB Letter of Credit would cause any RMB Borrower to fail to be 
in compliance with any of the covenants contained in this Agreement or in 
any of the other RMB Loan Documents or would cause any Credit Party (as 
defined in the Master Agreement) to fail to be in compliance with any of 
the covenants contained in the Master Agreement or in any of the other Loan 
Documents (as defined in the Master Agreement).


PART 3


REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS AND EVENTS OF
DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

CLAUSE 4 Representations & Warranties & Additional Covenants

4.1 	  	Representations & Warranties In order to induce the Administrative 
Agent, the RMB Fronting Bank and each of the other RMB Lenders which is or 
may become a party to this Agreement to make the RMB Advances or issue the 
RMB Letters of Credit, the Initial RMB Borrower makes the following 
representations and warranties as of the Closing Date. Such representations 
and warranties shall survive the effectiveness of this Agreement, the 
execution and delivery of the other RMB Loan Documents and the making of 
the RMB Advances and issuance of the Letters of Credit.

  	(i) 	  	Existence and Power The Initial RMB Borrower is wholly foreign 
owned enterprise duly organized and validly existing under the laws of PRC. 
The Initial RMB Borrower has all powers and all material governmental 
licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals required to own its 
property and assets and carry on its business as now conducted or as it 
presently proposes to conduct and has been duly qualified and is in good 
standing in every jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified 
and/or in good standing is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. In 
particular, the Initial RMB Borrower shall comply with the requirements set 
out in Circular Jianzhufang [2006] No.171 (Opinions on Regulating the Entry 
into and the Administration of Foreign Investment in Real Estate Market) 
and such other laws and regulations as promulgated by the PRC government 
and supervision authorities from time to time concerning the type of 
activities carried out by the Initial RMB Borrower.
 
  	(ii) 	  	Power and Authority

  	(a) 	  	The Initial RMB Borrower has the requisite power and authority 
to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and provisions of each of the

38

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	RMB Loan Documents to which it is a party and has taken all 
necessary action, if any, to authorize the execution and delivery on behalf 
of the Initial RMB Borrower and the performance by the Initial RMB Borrower 
of the RMB Loan Documents to which it is a party.
 
  	(b) 	  	The Initial RMB Borrower has duly executed and delivered each 
RMB Loan Document to which it is a party in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement, and each such RMB Loan Document constitutes the legal, 
valid and binding obligation of the Initial RMB Borrower, enforceable in 
accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by 
applicable insolvency, bankruptcy or other laws affecting creditors rights 
generally, or general principles of equity, whether such enforceability is 
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.

  	(iii) 	  	No Violation Neither the execution, delivery or performance by 
or on behalf of the Initial RMB Borrower of the RMB Loan Documents to which 
it is a party, nor compliance by the Initial RMB Borrower with the terms 
and provisions thereof nor the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by such RMB Loan Documents, (i) will materially contravene any 
applicable provision of any law, statute, rule, regulation, order, writ, 
injunction or decree of any court or governmental instrumentality, (ii) 
will materially conflict with or result in any breach of, any of the terms, 
covenants, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or 
result in the creation or imposition of (or the obligation to create or 
impose) any Lien upon any of the property or assets of the Initial RMB 
Borrower pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, 
or other agreement or other instrument to which the Initial RMB Borrower 
(or of any partnership of which the Initial RMB Borrower is a partner) is a 
party or by which it or any of its property or assets is bound or to which 
it is subject (except for such breaches and defaults under loan agreements 
which the lenders thereunder have agreed to forbear pursuant to valid 
forbearance agreements), or (iii) will cause a material default by the 
Initial RMB Borrower under any organizational document of any Person in 
which the Initial RMB Borrower has an interest, or cause a material default 
under the Initial RMB Borrowers organizational documents, the consequences 
of which conflict, breach or default would have a Material Adverse Effect, 
or result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien whatsoever 
upon any Property of such Initial RMB Borrower (except as contemplated 
herein).

39

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	(iv) 	  	Litigation Except as previously disclosed by AMB Property, L.P. 
and/or AMB Property Corporation in writing to the Administrative Agent, 
there is no action, suit or proceeding pending against or, to the knowledge 
of the Initial RMB Borrower, threatened against or affecting, (i) the 
Initial RMB Borrower, (ii) the RMB Loan Documents or any of the 
transactions contemplated by the RMB Loan Documents or (iii) any of their 
assets, before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or 
official in which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse decision 
which could, individually, or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse 
Effect or which in any manner draws into question the validity of this 
Agreement or the other RMB Loan Documents. As of the Closing Date, no such 
action, suit or proceeding exists.
 
  	(v) 	  	Organizational Documents The Initial RMB Borrower represents 
that it has delivered to the Administrative Agent true, correct and 
complete copies of its organizational documents. Attached hereto as 
Exhibit D is a true, correct and complete (up to the tiers shown) 
organizational and transaction structure chart for the Initial RMB Borrower 
as of the Closing Date.
 
  	(vi) 	  	Registrations, Filings and Stamp Duty All acts, conditions and 
things required to be done, fulfilled and performed have been done, 
fulfilled and performed in order (a) to enable the Initial RMB Borrower 
lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights under and perform and comply 
with the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in this Agreement, (b) 
to ensure that the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in this 
Agreement are legal, valid and binding and (c) to make this Agreement 
admissible as evidence in the PRC and under the laws of the PRC in force at 
the date hereof, and it is not necessary to file, record or enroll this 
Agreement with any court or other authority in the PRC and no stamp, 
registration or similar tax shall be paid on or in relation thereto, except 
for the filings referred to in Clause 10.3 as required by law and the 
payment of stamp duty of 0.005% as of the date of this Agreement (or such 
higher or lower percentage as may from to time be stipulated under the PRC 
laws and regulations) of the full amount of the RMB Advances hereunder by 
each of the parties thereto.

4.2 	  	Additional Covenants.

  	(i) 	  	If, at any time and from time to time, any RMB Letter of Credit 
shall have been issued hereunder (regardless of on whose behalf it shall 
have been issued) and a Guarantor Event of Default shall have occurred and 
be

40

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	continuing, then, upon the occurrence and during the continuation 
thereof, the Administrative Agent, after consultation with the RMB Lenders, 
may, and upon the demand of the Majority RMB Lenders shall, whether in 
addition to the taking by the Administrative Agent of any of the actions 
described in this Clause or otherwise, make a demand upon each RMB Borrower 
for whom a RMB Letter of Credit was issued, and forthwith upon such demand 
(but in any event within ten (10) days after such demand), each such RMB 
Borrower shall pay to the RMB Settlement Agent in same day funds for 
deposit in a special cash collateral account (the RMB Letter of Credit 
Collateral Account) to be maintained in the name of the Administrative 
Agent (on behalf of the RMB Lenders) and under its sole dominion and 
control at such place as shall be designated by the Administrative Agent, 
an amount equal to the amount of the RMB Letter of Credit Usage under the 
RMB Letters of Credit issued for the account of such RMB Borrower. If, at 
any time and from time to time, any RMB Letter of Credit shall have been 
issued hereunder for the account of any RMB Borrower and a RMB Borrower 
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to such 
RMB Borrower, then, upon the occurrence and during the continuation 
thereof, the Administrative Agent, after consultation with the RMB Lenders, 
may, and upon the demand of the Majority RMB Lenders shall, whether in 
addition to the taking by the Administrative Agent of any of the actions 
described in this Clause or otherwise, make a demand upon such defaulting 
RMB Borrower for whom a RMB Letter of Credit was issued, and forthwith upon 
such demand (but in any event within ten (10) days after such demand), such 
defaulting RMB Borrower shall pay to the RMB Settlement Agent in same day 
funds for deposit in the RMB Letter of Credit Collateral Account, an amount 
equal to the amount of the RMB Letter of Credit Usage under such RMB 
Letters of Credit issued for the account of such defaulting RMB Borrower. 
Interest shall accrue on the RMB Letter of Credit Collateral Account at a 
rate equal to the currently applicable RMB deposit rate published by the 
Peoples Bank of China.

  	(ii) 	  	Each RMB Borrower hereby pledges, assigns and grants to the 
Administrative Agent, as administrative agent for its benefit and the 
ratable benefit of the RMB Lenders a lien on and a security interest in, 
the following collateral (the RMB Letter of Credit Collateral):

  	(a) 	  	The RMB Letter of Credit Collateral Account, all cash of such 
RMB Borrower deposited therein and all certificates and instruments, if 
any, from time to time representing or evidencing the RMB Letter of Credit 
Collateral Account;

41

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	(b) 	  	All notes, certificates of deposit and other instruments from 
time to time hereafter delivered to or otherwise possessed by the 
Administrative Agent for or on behalf of such RMB Borrower or substitution 
for or in respect of any or all of the then existing RMB Letter of Credit 
Collateral of such RMB Borrower;
 
  	(c) 	  	all interest, dividends, cash, instruments and other property 
from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect 
of or in exchange for any or all of the then existing RMB Letter of Credit 
Collateral of such RMB Borrower; provided that, if no Event of Default 
hereunder has occurred and is continuing, any interest, dividends or other 
earnings received with respect to the RMB Letter of Credit Collateral shall 
be distributed to RMB Borrower on a monthly basis; and
 
  	(d) 	  	to the extent not covered by the above clauses, all proceeds of 
any or all of the foregoing RMB Letter of Credit Collateral.

The lien and security interest granted hereby secures the payment of all 
obligations of such RMB Borrower now or hereafter existing hereunder and 
under any other RMB Loan Document.

  	(iii) 	  	Each RMB Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent 
for the ratable benefit of the RMB Lenders to apply, from time to time 
after funds of such RMB Borrower are deposited in the RMB Letter of Credit 
Collateral Account, funds of such RMB Borrower then held in the RMB Letter 
of Credit Collateral Account to the payment of any amounts, in such order 
as the Administrative Agent may elect, as shall have become due and payable 
by such RMB Borrower to the RMB Lenders in respect of the RMB Letters of 
Credit issued for the account of such RMB Borrower.
 
  	(iv) 	  	Neither an RMB Borrower nor any Person claiming or acting on 
behalf of or through such RMB Borrower shall have any right to withdraw any 
of the funds held in the RMB Letter of Credit Collateral Account, except as 
provided in Clauses 4.2(ii) and 4.2(viii) hereof.
 
  	(v) 	  	Each RMB Borrower agrees that it will not (i) sell or otherwise 
dispose of any interest in the RMB Letter of Credit Collateral of such RMB 
Borrower or (ii) create or permit to exist any lien, security interest or 
other charge or encumbrance upon or with respect to any of the RMB Letter 
of Credit Collateral of such RMB Borrower, except for the security interest 
created

42

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	by this Clause 4.2.

  	(vi) 	  	If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing:

(a) With respect to any Guarantor Event of Default under the Master 
Agreement, the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, without 
notice to the RMB Borrower except as required by law and at any time from 
time to time, charge, set off or otherwise apply all or any part of the RMB 
Letter of Credit Collateral of any RMB Borrower first, (x) amounts 
previously drawn on any RMB Letter of Credit issued for the account of any 
RMB Borrower that have not been reimbursed by the applicable RMB Borrower 
and (y) any RMB Letter of Credit Usage of any RMB Borrower described in 
clause (ii) of the definition thereof that are then due and payable and 
second, any other unpaid RMB Obligations then due and payable, in such 
order as the Administrative Agent shall elect. With respect to any RMB 
Borrower Event of Default relating to any RMB Borrower, the Administrative 
Agent may, in its sole discretion, without notice to the RMB Borrower 
except as required by law and at any time from time to time, charge, set 
off or otherwise apply all or any part of the RMB Letter of Credit 
Collateral of such RMB Borrower first, (x) amounts previously drawn on any 
RMB Letter of Credit issued for the account of such RMB Borrower that have 
not been reimbursed by such RMB Borrower and (y) any RMB Letter of Credit 
Usage of any RMB Borrower described in clause (ii) of the definition 
thereof that are then due and payable from any RMB Borrower and second, any 
other unpaid RMB Obligations of such RMB Borrower then due and payable, in 
such order as the Administrative Agent shall elect. The rights of the 
Administrative Agent under this Clause 4.2 are in addition to any rights 
and remedies which any RMB Lender may have.

(b) The Administrative Agent may also exercise, in its sole discretion, in 
respect of the RMB Letter of Credit Collateral Account, in addition to the 
other rights and remedies provided herein or otherwise available to it, all 
the rights and remedies of a secured party upon default under applicable 
law including contract law or guarantee law.

  	(vii) 	  	The Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have exercised 
reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the RMB Letter of Credit 
Collateral if the RMB Letter of Credit Collateral is accorded treatment 
substantially equal to that which the Administrative Agent accords its own 
property, it being understood that, assuming such treatment, the 
Administrative Agent shall not have any responsibility or liability with

43

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	respect thereof.
 
  	(viii) 	  	At such time as all Events of Default have been cured or 
waived in writing, all amounts of any RMB Borrower remaining in the RMB 
Letter of Credit Collateral Account shall be promptly returned to such RMB 
Borrower and, in the case of RMB Letters of Credit maturing after the Final 
Maturity, upon the return of any such RMB Letter of Credit, any amount of 
any RMB Borrower attributable to such RMB Letter of Credit shall be 
promptly returned to such RMB Borrower. Any surplus of the funds of any RMB 
Borrower held in the RMB Letter of Credit Collateral Account remaining 
after returning all RMB Letters of Credit maturing after Final Maturity 
issued for the account of such RMB Borrower shall be paid to such RMB 
Borrower.

CLAUSE 5 Events of Default

5.1 	  	Events of Default A RMB Borrower Event of Default as to any RMB 
Borrower shall have occurred if one or more of the following events shall 
have occurred and be continuing:

  	(i) 	  	such RMB Borrower shall fail to (i) pay when due any principal 
of any RMB Advance, or (ii) such RMB Borrower shall fail to pay when due 
interest on any RMB Advance or any fees or any other amount payable to 
Administrative Agent or the RMB Lenders hereunder and the same shall 
continue for a period of five (5) days after the same becomes due;
 
  	(ii) 	  	such RMB Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant 
or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those referenced in 
Clause 5.1(i) hereof) and/or the RMB Security Documents of such RMB 
Borrower, if any, for 30 days after written notice thereof has been given 
to such RMB Borrower by the Administrative Agent; or if such default is of 
such a nature that it cannot with reasonable effort be completely remedied 
within said period of thirty (30) days such additional period of time as 
may be reasonably necessary to cure same, provided such RMB Borrower 
commences such cure within said thirty (30) day period and diligently 
prosecutes same, until completion, but in no event shall such extended 
period exceed ninety (90) days; provided, further, that such RMB Borrower, 
in lieu of such cure, may within such time periods described above, 
exercise its right under Clause 2.8 to cause such RMB Security Documents to 
be terminated and released or to select another RMB Secured Option under 
Clause 2.8, in which event such failure shall be deemed cured;

44

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	(iii) 	  	any representation, warranty, certification or statement made 
by such RMB Borrower in this Agreement or in any certificate, financial 
statement or other document delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall 
prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made (or deemed 
made) and, with respect to such representations, warranties, certifications 
or statements not known by such RMB Borrower at the time made or deemed 
made to be incorrect, the defect causing such representation or warranty to 
be incorrect when made (or deemed made) is not removed within thirty (30) 
days after written notice thereof from Administrative Agent to such RMB 
Borrower;
 
  	(iv) 	  	such RMB Borrower shall commence a voluntary case or other 
proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect 
to itself or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar 
law now or hereafter in effect, including under PRC law, any corporate 
action or proceedings are undertaken relating to bankruptcy, civil 
rehabilitation, commencement of corporate reorganization proceedings, 
commencement of company arrangement or commencement of special liquidation; 
and except for any such action taken for the purposes of a reconstruction 
or amalgamation whilst solvent on terms previously approved by the 
Administrative Agent or for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, 
administrator, administrative receiver, conservator, custodian, trustee or 
similar officer of it or of any or all of its revenues and assets or 
seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidate, custodian or 
other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, or 
shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking 
possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding 
commenced against it, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of 
creditors, or shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become due, or 
shall take any action to authorize any of the foregoing;
 
  	(v) 	  	an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced 
against such RMB Borrower seeking liquidation, reorganization or other 
relief with respect to it or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or 
other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of 
a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it 
or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other 
proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 90 days; 
or an order for relief shall be entered against such RMB Borrower under the 
federal or national bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter in effect;

45

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	(vi) 	  	at any time, for any reason, such RMB Borrower seeks to 
repudiate its obligations under any RMB Loan Document;
 
  	(vii) 	  	a default by such RMB Borrower beyond any applicable notice or 
grace period under any of the other RMB Loan Documents to which such RMB 
Borrower is a party;
 
  	(viii) 	  	any assets of such RMB Borrower shall constitute assets 
(within the meaning of ERISA (as defined in the Master Agreement) or 
Section 4975 of the Code (as defined in the Master Agreement), including 
but not limited to 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101 or any successor regulation 
thereto) of an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) 
of ERISA or a plan within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code; 
or
 
  	(ix) 	  	any RMB Advances made to such RMB Borrower, any of the RMB Loan 
Documents to which any RMB Borrower is a party or the exercise of any of 
the Administrative Agents or any of the RMB Lenders rights in connection 
therewith shall constitute a prohibited transaction under ERISA and/or the 
Code.

5.2 Remedies

  	(i) 	  	Rights and Remedies with Respect to RMB Borrower Event of 
Default. Upon the occurrence of any RMB Borrower Event of Default described 
in Clauses 5.1(iv), (v), (vi), (viii) and (ix) with respect to such RMB 
Borrower, the unpaid principal amount of, and any and all accrued interest 
on, the RMB Advances made to such defaulting RMB Borrower and any and all 
accrued fees and other RMB Obligations of such defaulting RMB Borrower 
hereunder shall automatically become immediately due and payable by such 
defaulting RMB Borrower, with all additional interest from time to time 
accrued thereon and without presentation, demand, or protest or other 
requirements of any kind (including, without limitation, valuation and 
appraisement, diligence, presentment, notice of intent to demand or 
accelerate and notice of acceleration), all of which are hereby expressly 
waived by such defaulting RMB Borrower; and upon the occurrence and during 
the continuance of any other RMB Borrower Event of Default, the 
Administrative Agent, following consultation with the RMB Lenders, may (and 
upon the demand of the Majority RMB Lenders shall), by written notice to 
such defaulting RMB Borrower and AMB Property, L.P., in addition to the 
exercise of all of the rights and remedies permitted the Administrative 
Agent and the RMB Lenders under applicable law or under any of the other 
RMB Loan Documents to which

46

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	such defaulting RMB Borrower is a party, declare that the unpaid 
principal amount of and any and all accrued and unpaid interest on the RMB 
Advances made to such defaulting RMB Borrower and any and all accrued fees 
and other RMB Obligations of such defaulting RMB Borrower hereunder to be, 
and the same shall thereupon be, immediately due and payable with all 
additional interest from time to time accrued thereon and (except as 
otherwise provided in the RMB Loan Documents to which such defaulting RMB 
Borrower is a party) without presentation, demand, or protest or other 
requirements of any kind (including, without limitation, valuation and 
appraisement, diligence, presentment, notice of intent to demand or 
accelerate and notice of acceleration), all of which are hereby expressly 
waived by such defaulting RMB Borrower.
 
  	(ii) 	  	Enforcement of Rights and Remedies Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other RMB Loan Document, 
the Administrative Agent and the RMB Lenders each agree that any exercise 
or enforcement of the rights and remedies granted to the Administrative 
Agent or the RMB Lenders under this Agreement or under applicable law with 
respect to this Agreement or any other RMB Loan Documents shall be 
commenced and maintained by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the 
Administrative Agent and/or the RMB Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall 
act at the direction of the Majority RMB Lenders in connection with the 
exercise of any and all remedies under applicable law or under any of the 
RMB Loan Documents or, if the Majority RMB Lenders are unable to reach 
agreement, then, from and after an RMB Borrower Event of Default, the 
Administrative Agent may pursue such rights and remedies as it may 
determine.
 
  	(iii) 	  	Notice of Default The Administrative Agent shall give notice 
to the RMB Borrower of a RMB Borrower Default promptly upon being requested 
to do so by the Majority RMB Lenders and shall thereupon notify all the RMB 
Lenders and the RMB Settlement Agent thereof. The Administrative Agent and 
the RMB Settlement Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of 
the occurrence of any RMB Borrower Default or RMB Borrower Event of Default 
(other than nonpayment of principal of or interest on the RMB Advances) 
unless Administrative Agent or the RMB Settlement Agent has received notice 
in writing from a RMB Lender or a RMB Borrower or AMB Property, LP 
referring to this Agreement or the other RMB Loan Documents, describing 
such event or condition. Should Administrative Agent receive notice of the 
occurrence of a RMB Borrower Default or RMB

47

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	Borrower Event of Default expressly stating that such notice is a 
notice of a RMB Borrower Default or a RMB Borrower Event of Default, or 
should Administrative Agent send any RMB Borrower a notice of RMB Borrower 
Default or RMB Borrower Event of Default, Administrative Agent shall 
promptly give notice thereof to each RMB Lender.
 
  	(iv) 	  	Remedies and Waivers No failure to exercise, nor any delay in 
exercising, on the part of the Administrative Agent, the RMB Settlement 
Agent or any other RMB Finance Party or any of them, any right or remedy 
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any right or remedy prevent or preclude any further or 
other exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy. The 
rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any 
rights or remedies provided by law.
 
  	(v) 	  	Partial Invalidity If, at any time, any provision hereof is or 
becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the law of 
any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the 
remaining provisions hereof nor the legality, validity or enforceability of 
such provision under the law of any other jurisdiction shall in any way be 
affected or impaired thereby.


PART 4


EXPENSES AND INDEMNITY

CLAUSE 6 Expenses.

6.1 	  	Expenses Each RMB Borrower (provided each RMB Borrower shall only 
be liable for the enforcement costs incurred with respect to the RMB Loan 
Documents to which such RMB Borrower is a party) shall pay within thirty 
(30) days after written notice from the Administrative Agent, (i) all 
reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent 
(including, without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of 
special counsel Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP and Jun He Law 
Offices), in connection with the preparation of this Agreement, the other 
RMB Loan Documents and the documents and instruments referred to therein, 
and any waiver or consent hereunder or any amendment hereof or any Default 
or alleged Default hereunder, (ii) all reasonable fees and disbursements of 
special counsel in connection with the syndication of the RMB Advances, and 
(iii) if an Event of Default occurs, all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses 
incurred by the Administrative Agent and each RMB Lender, including, 
without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for

48

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	the Agent and each of the RMB Lenders, in connection with the 
enforcement of the RMB Loan Documents including, without limitation, the 
RMB Security Documents and any other instruments referred to therein, and 
such Event of Default and collection, bankruptcy, insolvency and other 
enforcement proceedings resulting therefrom; provided, however, that the 
attorneys fees and disbursements for which any RMB Borrower is obligated 
under this Clause 6.1 shall be limited to the reasonable non-duplicative 
fees and disbursements of (A) counsel for Agent and (B) counsel for all of 
the RMB Lenders as a group; and provided, further, that all other costs and 
expenses for which any RMB Borrower is obligated under this Clause 6.1 
shall be limited to the reasonable non-duplicative costs and expenses of 
Agent. For purposes of this Clause 6.1, (1) counsel for Agent shall mean a 
single outside law firm representing Agent and (2) counsel for all of the 
RMB Lenders as a group shall mean a single outside law firm representing 
such RMB Lenders as a group (which law firm may or may not be the same law 
firm representing Agent).
 
6.2 	  	RMB Lenders Liabilities for Costs Each RMB Lender shall, ratably 
in accordance with its RMB Commitment, indemnify the Agent and its 
affiliates and their respective directors, officers, agents and employees 
(to the extent not reimbursed by the RMB Borrowers) against any cost, 
expense (including, without limitation, counsel fees and disbursements), 
claim, demand, action, loss or liability (except such as result from such 
indemnitees gross negligence or willful misconduct) that such indemnitee 
may suffer or incur in connection with its duties as Agent under this 
Agreement, the other RMB Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by 
such indemnitee hereunder. In the event that Agent shall, subsequent to its 
receipt of indemnification payment(s) from RMB Lenders in accordance with 
this section, recoup any amount from any RMB Borrower, or any other party 
liable therefor in connection with such indemnification, Agent shall refund 
the indemnification payment(s) to the RMB Lenders which previously made 
such payment(s) pro rata, based upon the actual amounts which were 
theretofore paid by each RMB Lenders. Agent shall reimburse such RMB 
Lenders so entitled to reimbursement within two (2) Business Days of its 
receipt of such funds from such RMB Borrower or such other party liable 
therefor.

CLAUSE 7 Indemnity

7.1 	  	Indemnity Each RMB Borrower agrees to indemnify Agent and each RMB 
Lender, their respective affiliates and the respective directors, officers, 
agents and employees of the foregoing (each an RMB Indemnitee) and hold 
each RMB Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all liabilities, 
losses, damages, costs and expenses of any kind, including, without 
limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, which may be 
incurred by such RMB Indemnitee in connection with any investigative, 
administrative or judicial proceeding that

49

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	may at any time (including, without limitation, at any time following 
the payment of the RMB Obligations) be asserted against any RMB Indemnitee, 
as a result of, or arising out of, or in any way related to or by reason of 
any of the transactions contemplated by the RMB Loan Documents or the 
execution, delivery or performance of any RMB Loan Document. In addition, 
the indemnification set forth in this Clause 7.1 in favor of any director, 
officer, agent or employee of Agent or any RMB Lender shall be solely in 
their respective capacities as such director, officer, agent or employee. 
Each RMB Borrowers obligations under this Clause shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement, the release of a Qualified RMB Borrower 
pursuant to Clause 2.15 and the payment of the RMB Obligations.


PART 5


PAYMENTS

CLAUSE 8 Currency and Payments

8.1 	  	Currency of Account and Payment The RMB is the currency of account 
and payment for each and every sum at any time due from the RMB Borrower 
hereunder.
 
8.2 	  	Payments to the RMB Settlement Agent On each date on which this 
Agreement requires an amount to be paid by any RMB Borrower or any of the 
RMB Lenders hereunder, any RMB Borrower or, as the case may be, such RMB 
Lender shall make the same available to the RMB Settlement Agent by payment 
in RMB not later than 11:00 a.m. (Beijing time) on the relevant due date in 
same day funds to the following or such other account or bank as the RMB 
Settlement Agent may from time to time specify for this purpose.
  	  	 
[(CHINIES CHARACTER)]
  	: [(CHINIES CHARACTER)]
[(CHINIES CHARACTER)]
  	: 563290000018
[(CHINIES CHARACTER)]
  	: [(CHINIES CHARACTER)]
[(CHINIES CHARACTER)]
  	: 563290000018
 
  	 
[(CHINIES CHARACTER)]
  	: 

8.3 	  	Alternative Payment Arrangements If, at any time, it shall become 
impracticable (by reason of any action of any governmental agency or any 
change in law, exchange control regulations or any similar event) for the 
RMB Borrower to make any payments hereunder in the manner specified in 
Clause 8.2 (Payments to the Administrative Agent), then the RMB Borrower 
may agree with each or any of the RMB Lenders alternative arrangements for 
the payment directly to such RMB Lender of amounts due to such RMB Lender 
hereunder, provided that, in the absence of any such agreement with any RMB 
Lender, the RMB Borrower

50

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	shall be obliged to make all payments due to such RMB Lender in the 
manner specified herein. Upon such agreement being reached between the RMB 
Borrower and a RMB Lender, the RMB Borrower and such RMB Lender shall 
immediately notify the RMB Settlement Agent thereof and shall thereafter 
promptly notify the RMB Settlement Agent of all payments made directly to 
such RMB Lender.
 
8.4 	  	Payments by the RMB Settlement Agent Save as otherwise provided 
herein, provided that the relevant party deposits the relevant amounts to 
the account designated by the RMB Settlement Agent by 11:00 a.m. (Beijing 
time) on the payment due date, each payment received by the RMB Settlement 
Agent for the account of another Person pursuant to Clause 8.2 (Payments to 
the RMB Settlement Agent) shall be segregated upon receipt and made 
available by the RMB Settlement Agent to such other Person (in the case of 
a RMB Lender, for the account of its RMB Facility Office) for value the 
same day by transfer to such account of such Person as set out in the 
Fifth Schedule (Payment Instructions) or in a Transfer Agreement or such 
other account with such RMB Lender as such Person shall have previously 
notified to the RMB Settlement Agent by ten (10) Business Days notice 
without reduction for or on account of any set-off or counterclaim. The RMB 
Settlement Agent will not be liable for any delay (or any related 
consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required under the RMB 
Loan Documents to be paid by the RMB Settlement Agent if the RMB Settlement 
Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably practicable to 
comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognized 
clearing or settlement system used by the RMB Settlement Agent for that 
purpose.
 
8.5 	  	No Set-off All payments required to be made by the RMB Borrower 
hereunder shall be calculated without reference to any set-off or 
counterclaim and shall be made free and clear of and without any deduction 
for or on account of any set-off or counterclaim.
 
8.6 	  	Order of Repayment The RMB Settlement Agent shall apply the 
payments made by any RMB Borrower in order of expenses due and payable 
hereunder by such RMB Borrower, any penalty interest due from such RMB 
Borrower, any overdue interest due from such RMB Borrower, interest due 
from such RMB Borrower, and then principal due from such RMB Borrower which 
are then due and payable but unpaid, and in any case in accordance with the 
Payment Instructions, repay the amount it received to the RMB Lenders.
 
8.7 	  	Treatment of RMB Lenders. The Agent may treat each RMB Lender as a 
RMB Lender, entitled to payments under this Agreement and acting through 
its RMB Facility Office unless it has received not less than five (5) 
Business Days prior notice from that RMB Lender to the contrary in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

51

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


PART 6

ASSIGNMENTS AND TRANSFERS

CLAUSE 9 Successors and Assigns; Assignments and Transfers

9.1 	  	The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to 
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and 
assigns, except that the RMB Borrowers may not assign or otherwise transfer 
any of their rights under this Agreement or the other RMB Loan Documents 
without the prior written consent of all RMB Lenders and the Administrative 
Agent and a RMB Lender may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its 
interest under this Agreement except as set forth in Clause 9.2 and 9.3 
below.

9.2 	  	Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, any RMB Lender may 
at any time, grant to an existing RMB Lender, one or more banks, finance 
companies, insurance companies or other financial institutions which are 
RMB Qualified Institutional Investors (a Participant) in minimum amounts 
of not less than the RMB equivalent of JPY350,000,000 (or any lesser amount 
in the case of participations to an existing RMB Lender) participating 
interests in its RMB Commitment or any or all of its portion of the RMB 
Advances proratably. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an 
Event of Default, any RMB Lender may at any time grant to any Person in any 
amount (also a Participant), participating interests in its RMB 
Commitment or any or all of its portion of the RMB Advances proratably. Any 
participation made during the continuation of an Event of Default shall not 
be affected by the subsequent cure of such Event of Default. In the event 
of any such grant by a RMB Lender of a participating interest to a 
Participant, whether or not upon notice to the RMB Borrowers and the 
Administrative Agent, such RMB Lender shall remain responsible for the 
performance of its obligations hereunder, and the RMB Borrowers and the 
Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such 
RMB Lender in connection with such RMB Lenders rights and obligations 
under this Agreement. Any agreement pursuant to which any RMB Lender may 
grant such a participating interest shall provide that such RMB Lender 
shall retain the sole right and responsibility to enforce the obligations 
of the RMB Borrowers hereunder including, without limitation, the right to 
approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this 
Agreement; provided that such participation agreement may provide that such 
RMB Lender will not agree to any modification, amendment or waiver of this 
Agreement described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of Clause 11 without 
the consent of the Participant. No participant in any rights and 
obligations under this Agreement shall be permitted to sell 
subparticipations of such rights and obligations.

52

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

9.3 	  	Any RMB Lender (in such capacity, an Assignor) may at any time 
assign to a RMB Qualified Institution (in each case, a Purchasing Lender) 
(i) prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, in minimum amounts of 
not less than the RMB equivalent of JPY350,000,000 and integral multiple of 
the RMB equivalent of JPY1,000,000 thereafter (or any lesser amount in the 
case of assignments to an existing RMB Lender) and (ii) after the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, in any 
amount, all or a proportionate part of all, of its rights and obligations 
under this Agreement and the other RMB Loan Documents, and, in either case, 
such Purchasing Lender shall assume such rights and obligations, pursuant 
to a Transfer Agreement in substantially the form of the Fourth Schedule 
hereto executed by such Purchasing Lender and such Assignor; provided, that 
if no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, such 
assignment shall be subject to the Administrative Agents, the RMB Fronting 
Banks and the RMB Borrowers consent, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed; and provided further that if an 
Purchasing Lender is an affiliate of such Assignor or was a RMB Lender 
immediately prior to such assignment, the RMB Borrowers consent shall not 
be required. Upon execution and delivery of such instrument and payment by 
such Purchasing Lender to such Assignor of an amount equal to the purchase 
price agreed between such Assignor and such Purchasing Lender, such 
Purchasing Lender shall be a RMB Lender party to this Agreement and shall 
have all the rights and obligations of a RMB Lender with a RMB Commitment 
as set forth in such instrument of assumption, and no further consent or 
action by any party shall be required and such Assignor shall be released 
from its obligations hereunder to a corresponding extent. In connection 
with any such assignment (other than an assignment by a RMB Lender to an 
affiliate), the Assignor shall pay to the RMB Settlement Agent an 
administrative fee for processing such assignment in the amount of the RMB 
equivalent of US$3,500. Any assignment made during the continuation of an 
Event of Default shall not be affected by any subsequent cure of such Event 
of Default. No Purchasing Lender of any rights and obligations under this 
Agreement shall be permitted to further assign less than all of such rights 
and obligations.

9.4 	  	Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, so long 
as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, no RMB Lender 
shall be permitted to enter into an assignment of, or sell a participation 
interest in, its rights and obligations hereunder which would result in 
such RMB Lender holding a RMB Commitment without participants of less than 
the RMB equivalent of JPY350,000,000 unless as a result of a cancellation 
or reduction of the aggregate RMB Commitments (or in the case of the 
Administrative Agent, less than the RMB Commitment of any other RMB 
Lender); provided, however, that no RMB Lender shall be prohibited from 
assigning its entire RMB Commitment so long as such assignment is otherwise 
permitted under this Clause 9.

53

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

9.5 	  	The Administrative Agent shall notify the RMB Settlement Agent of 
any assignments or transfers made hereunder prior to the time such action 
is to take effect.

54

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


PART 10

MISCELLANEOUS

CLAUSE 10 Notices

10.1 	  	Communication in Writing Unless otherwise provided by this 
Agreement, all notices shall be written in English (or accompanied by a 
certified translation thereof into the English language) and shall be 
provided to each party in written form. All notices, requests and other 
communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including bank 
wire, telex, facsimile transmission or electronic communication) and shall 
be given to such party in accordance with Clause 10.2 and in the case of 
any RMB Lender, at its address, telex number, facsimile number or email 
address as provided to the Administrative Agent and the RMB Settlement 
Agent for this purpose. The Administrative Agent and/or the RMB Settlement 
Agent shall provide the RMB Borrower with the address, telex number, 
facsimile number or email address for each RMB Lender. Each such notice, 
request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by telex or 
facsimile transmission, when such telex or facsimile is transmitted to the 
telex number or facsimile number specified in this Clause 10.1 and the 
appropriate answerback or facsimile confirmation is received, (ii) if given 
by certified registered mail, return receipt requested, with first class 
postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid, upon receipt or refusal to accept 
delivery, (iii) if given by a nationally recognized overnight carrier, 48 
hours after such communication is deposited with such carrier with postage 
prepaid for next day delivery, (iv) if given or made by email or any other 
electronic communication, when received in legible form or (v) if given by 
any other means, when delivered at the address specified in this Clause 
10.1; provided that notices to the Administrative Agent under Clause 2 or 
Clause 3 shall not be effective until received.

55

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Address All notices under this Agreement shall be delivered to the 
following designated addresses. In case there is any change, fifteen (15) 
Business Days prior written notice should be given to each party:
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	The Initial RMB Borrower: [ ] 	  	 
 
  	Address: 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Tel : 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Fax : 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	The Administrative Agent: 	  	 
  	  	Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, New York Branch 	  	 
 
  	Address : 	  	277 Park Avenue, 6th Floor 	  	 
 
  	  	  	New York, New York 10172 	  	 
 
  	Tel : 	  	212-224-4178 	  	 
 
  	Fax : 	  	212-224-4887 	  	 
 
  	E-mail Address: 	  	csullivan@smbc-lf.com 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	with a copy to the RMB Settlement Agent 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	The RMB Settlement Agent: 	  	 
  	  	Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Shanghai Branch 	  	 
 
  	Address : 	  	30th Floor, HSBC Tower 	  	 
 
  	  	  	1000 Lujiazui Ring Road 	  	 
 
  	  	  	Pudong New Area 	  	 
 
  	  	  	Shanghai 200120, PRC 	  	 
 
  	Tel : 	  	(8621) 6841-5000 x472 	  	 
 
  	Fax : 	  	(8621) 6841 5111 	  	 
 
  	E-mail Address: 	  	chris-xu@cn.smbc.co.jp 	  	 
 
  	Attention: 	  	Chris Xu, Assistant Vice President, Business Promotion 
Dept. IV, 	  	 
 
  	  	  	Multinational Corporate Banking, China Region 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	with a copy to: 	  	 
  	  	Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Debt Capital Markets Department 	
  	 
 
  	Address: 	  	7-8/F, One International Finance Centre 	  	 
 
  	  	  	1 Harbour View Street 	  	 
 
  	  	  	Central Hong Kong 	  	 
 
  	Tel 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Fax: 	  	(852) 2206 2988 	  	 
 
  	Email Address: 	  	stella.fong@smbc.com.hk/jennifer.yu@smbc.com.hk 	  	 
 
  	Attention: 	  	Agent Services, Debt Capital Markets Department 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	with a copy to the Administrative Agent (unless it is otherwise 
receiving notice) 	  	 

56

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

10.3 	  	Filing with PBOC Upon execution of this Agreement, the 
Administrative Agent shall file the Master Agreement and this Agreement. 
with the local branch of the Peoples Bank of China and/or the local branch 
of the China Banking Regulatory Commission, as required by law.

CLAUSE 11 Amendments

11.1 	  	Amendment Except as provided in Section 9.5(b) of the Master 
Agreement, any provision of this Agreement or the RMB Letters of Credit or 
other RMB Loan Documents may be amended or waived if, but only if, such 
amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed by the RMB Borrowers and 
the Majority RMB Lenders (and, if the rights or duties of the 
Administrative Agent, the RMB Settlement Agent or the RMB Fronting Bank in 
their capacity as Administrative Agent, the RMB Settlement Agent or the RMB 
Fronting Bank, as applicable, are affected thereby, by the Administrative 
Agent, the RMB Settlement Agent or the RMB Fronting Bank, as applicable); 
provided that no amendment or waiver with respect to this Agreement, the 
RMB Letters of Credit or any other RMB Loan Documents shall, unless signed 
by all the RMB Lenders, (i) increase or decrease the RMB Commitment of any 
RMB Lender (except for a ratable decrease in the RMB Commitments of all RMB 
Lenders) or subject any RMB Lender to any additional obligation, (ii) 
reduce the principal of or rate of interest on any RMB Advance or any fees 
hereunder, (iii) postpone the date fixed for any payment of principal of or 
interest on any RMB Advance or any fees hereunder or for any reduction or 
termination of any RMB Commitment, (iv) change the percentage of the RMB 
Commitments, or the number of RMB Lenders, which shall be required for the 
RMB Lenders or any of them to take any action under this Clause or any 
other provision of this Agreement or (v) modify the provisions of this 
Clause 11. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an amendment or waiver which 
relates to the rights or obligations of any Agent may not be effected 
without the consent of such Agent.

CLAUSE 12 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness

12.1 	  	Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness and Termination This 
Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall 
be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and 
hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement and understanding among the parties hereto and supersedes any and 
all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the 
subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall become effective upon receipt 
by the Administrative Agent, the

57

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	RMB Lenders and the Initial RMB Borrowers of counterparts hereof 
signed by each of the parties hereto (or, in the case of any party as to 
which an executed counterpart shall not have been received, receipt by the 
Administrative Agent in form satisfactory to it of telegraphic, telex or 
other written confirmation from such party of execution of a counterpart 
hereof by such party). This Agreement shall terminate when all principal, 
interest, penalty interests and any other payable expenses for the RMB 
Facility hereunder have been repaid in full and no RMB Commitments remain 
outstanding.

CLAUSE 13 Language and Copies

13.1 	  	Language and Copies There shall be five (5) copies for each 
original and each party shall keep one original of each version; certain 
copies for the counterpart shall be sent to relevant parties. RMB Borrower 
shall pay stamp duty for the RMB Borrowers copy of this Agreement. The RMB 
Lenders shall pay stamp duty for any RMB Lenders copy(ies).

CLAUSE 14 Law and Jurisdiction

14.1 	  	PRC Law The execution and implementation of this Agreement and any 
disputes relating to this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the PRC.
 
14.2 	  	Dispute Resolution Any dispute arising from, out of, or in 
connection with this Agreement shall be settled by the parties through 
friendly consultation.
 
  	  	Any dispute arising from, out of, or in connection with this 
Agreement, which cannot be settled by the parties themselves, shall be 
referred to China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission 
Shanghai Sub-commission (the CIETAC) for arbitration which shall be 
conducted in accordance with the CIETACs arbitration rules in effect at 
the time of applying for arbitration.
 
  	  	The arbitral tribunal shall consist of three arbitrators to be 
appointed as follows: The Lenders shall jointly appoint one arbitrator and 
the RMB Borrower shall jointly appoint one arbitrator. The two arbitrators 
thereby appointed shall jointly nominate a third arbitrator, who shall be 
the presiding arbitrator. The presiding arbitrator shall be of a 
nationality different than those of the Parties. The arbitration shall be 
conducted in Shanghai, Peoples Republic of China. The language of the 
arbitration shall be English. The arbitral award rendered by the arbitral 
tribunal shall be final and binding upon both parties.

58

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

CLAUSE 15 Taxes

15.1 	  	Taxes Any taxes and duties incurred on execution and performance 
of this Agreement shall be paid and borne respectively by the RMB Borrower 
and the RMB Lenders in accordance with the PRC law.


Part 11

APPOINTMENT OF RMB SETTLEMENT AGENT

Clause 16 RMB Settlement Agent

16.1 	  	Each of the RMB Finance Parties (other than the RMB Settlement 
Agent) hereby appoints Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Shanghai Branch 
as its settlement agent in relation to the RMB Loan Documents, and Sumitomo 
Mitsui Banking Corporation, Shanghai Branch hereby accepts such appointment 
upon the terms and conditions mutually agreed between the parties.

16.2 	  	Article VII of the Master Agreement (except Sections 7.6 and 7.10) 
shall be incorporated herein mutatis mutandis.

59

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

AS WITNESS, the hands of the duly authorized representatives of the parties 
hereto sign this Agreement on the day and year first before written.

The Initial RMB Borrower:

WEALTH ZIPPER (SHANGHAI) PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT CO., LTD.
 
  	  	  	  	 
Representative:
  	/s/ Oliver Treneman 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
      
  	Name: Oliver Treneman 	  	 
 
  	Title: Vice President 	  	 


[Signature Page to Credit Agreement]

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

The Administrative Agent and Sole Lead Arranger and Bookmanager:

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, NEW YORK BRANCH
  	  	  	  	 
Representative:
  	/s/ William M. Ginn 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: William M. Ginn Title: General Manager 	  	 

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

The RMB Settlement Agent and a RMB Lender:

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, SHANGHAI BRANCH
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Representative:
  	/s/ Kan Nagahisa 	  	  	  	[(SEAL)]
 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: Kan Nagahisa 	  	  	 
  	  	Title: Senior Vice President and
          Head of Multinational Corporate Banking, China Region 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

A RMB LENDER:

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA
  	  	  	  	 
Representative
  	: /s/ Judith Ki 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: Judith Ki
Title: Branch Manager  Guangzhou 	  	 

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement]

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


THE FIRST SCHEDULE


The RMB Lenders and their RMB Commitments
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
RMB Lender 	  	RMB Commitment 	  	Percentage
  Sumitomo Mitsui Banking
  	375,000,000 Chinese Renminbi 	  	  	75 	%
  Corporation, Shanghai Branch
  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  The Bank of Nova Scotia
  	125,000,000 Chinese Renminbi 	  	  	25 	%
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	500,000,000 Chinese Renminbi 	  	  	100 	%

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


THE SECOND SCHEDULE


Conditions Precedent Documents

1. 	  	Security Documents (if a RMB Borrower exercises RMB Secured Option 
under Clause 9)

  	(1) 	  	the relevant land use or title certificates in respect of the 
RMB Secured Property and such other documents relating to the lawful 
ownership of the RMB Secured Property including, without limitation, if the 
RMB Secured Option is a RMB Mortgage, all title documents, approvals and 
consents relating to assets mortgaged by such RMB Borrower.
 
  	(2) 	  	the Security Documents (including, without limitation, the 
Mortgages and/or Share Pledges) duly executed by the parties thereto and 
all documents required thereunder.
 
  	(3) 	  	the relevant board and/or shareholders resolutions authorising 
the Security Documents.
 
  	(4) 	  	if the RMB Secured Option is a RMB Mortgage, all the relevant 
mortgage registration certificates in respect of the RMB Secured Property 
issued in favour of the Administrative Agents (on behalf of the RMB 
Lenders).
 
  	(5) 	  	if the RMB Secured Option is a RMB Mortgage, the property 
insurance naming Administrative Agent (on behalf of the RMB Lenders) as 
additional insured.
 
  	(6) 	  	evidence of due payment of all stamp duty, taxes and other fees 
and charges payable in respect of the Security Documents.

2. 	  	Corporate Documents

Each RMB Borrower shall submit the true copies of the following documents 
(the documents referred to herein and which are required to be certified 
true copies, shall be certified a true copy of the original by a duly 
authorized officer of the RMB Borrower):

  	(1) 	  	the current Joint Venture Contract and/or Articles of 
Association and any other related documents consisting of the Joint Venture 
Contract and/or Articles of Association;

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	(2) 	  	the approval documents issued by Ministry of Commerce or its 
authorized branches in respect to the Articles of Association of the RMB 
Borrower;
 
  	(3) 	  	the valid Certificate of Approval for Enterprises with Foreign 
Investment of the RMB Borrower issued by Ministry of Commerce or its 
authorized branches;
 
  	(4) 	  	the valid Business License of the RMB Borrower issued by the 
State Administration for Industry and Commerce or its authorized branches;
 
  	(5) 	  	the Organisation and Institution Code Certificate of the RMB 
Borrower;
 
  	(6) 	  	the State and local Tax Registration Certificate of the RMB 
Borrower;
 
  	(7) 	  	the Finance Registration Certificate of the RMB Borrower;
 
  	(8) 	  	the Customs Registration Certificate of the RMB Borrower;
 
  	(9) 	  	a list of the directors of the RMB Borrower and the photocopies 
of the specimen signatures of authorized representative by the board of 
directors;
 
  	(10) 	  	the verification report issued by a public accountant firm 
verifying the shareholder of the RMB Borrower has paid in the registered 
capital of the RMB Borrower;
 
  	(11) 	  	the resolution of the board of directors of the RMB Borrower to 
approve the drawdown of the RMB Advances according to this Agreement and to 
authorize one or more Persons to sign this Agreement, the Notice of RMB 
Borrowing and the request to the RMB Fronting Bank for issuance of any RMB 
Letter of Credit and other documents relating to this Agreement, and the 
photocopies of the specimen signatures of such authorized representative.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


THE THIRD SCHEDULE


Form of Notice of RMB Borrowing (format)
  	  	 
To:
  	Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Shanghai Branch
as RMB Settlement Agent
 
Dated:
  	[       ]

Dear Sirs,

1. 	  	We refer to the RMB revolving credit agreement (as from time to time 
amended, varied, novated or supplemented, the RMB Loan Agreement) dated 
October ___, 2007 and made between, inter alia, the undersigned as RMB 
Borrower, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, New York Branch, as 
Administrative Agent and Sole Lead Arranger and Bookmanager, you as RMB 
Settlement Agent and the financial institutions named therein as RMB 
Lenders. Terms defined in the RMB Loan Agreement shall have the same 
meaning in this notice.
 
2. 	  	We hereby give you notice that, pursuant to the RMB Loan Agreement 
and on [insert date of proposed RMB Advance], we wish to borrow an RMB 
Advance in an amount of RMB [insert amount] upon the terms and subject to 
the conditions contained therein. The intended Interest Period of this 
drawdown is                                         .
 
3. 	  	The RMB Advance shall be used exclusively for the purposes specified 
in Clause 2.11 of the RMB Loan Agreement.
 
4. 	  	We hereby confirm that the representations and warranties set out in 
the RMB Loan Agreement pursuant to Clause 4 thereof (in each case, other 
than representations and warranties which expressly speak as of a different 
date) are true in all material respects and shall remain true on and as of 
the date of the RMB Advance requested in this Drawdown Notice.
 
5. 	  	No Guarantor Default or Guarantor Event of Default, and no RMB 
Borrower Default or RMB Borrower Event of Default with respect to the 
undersigned, has occurred and is continuing or will result after giving 
effect to the RMB Advance requested in this Notice of RMB Borrowing.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

6. 	  	The amounts available for drawing under the following RMB Facility 
are:

  	  	RMB Advance                      RMB                    
[insert amount]

7. 	  	Please arrange for proceeds of this drawdown to be credited, to our 
account, number [                ] with [                                 
], for the account of [                                  ]

8. 	  	Please note that the project information for this drawdown is as 
follows:-

(i) Borrower:
(ii) Date of RMB Advance:
(iii) Project:

A. Project Name:
B. Project Location:
C. Land Size, if known (estimate):
D. Building Size, if known (estimate):
E. Estimated Substantial Completed Date:
F. Estimated Preliminary Project Budget:

Yours faithfully

[signature block of applicable RMB Borrower]

cc: 	  	Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, New York Branch Sumitomo 
Mitsui Banking Corporation (Debt Capital Markets Department in Hong Kong)

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


THE FOURTH SCHEDULE

Form of Transfer Agreement

TRANSFER AGREEMENT

Relating to the RMB Revolving Credit Agreement (as from time to time 
amended, varied, novated or supplemented, the RMB Loan Agreement), dated 
October ___, 2007, by and among Wealth Zipper (Shanghai) Property 
Development Co., Ltd., as Initial RMB Borrower, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking 
Corporation, New York Branch, as Administrative Agent and Sole Lead 
Arranger and Bookmanager, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Shanghai 
Branch, as RMB Settlement Agent and the financial institutions named 
therein as RMB Lenders.

This TRANSFER AGREEMENT (this Transfer Agreement) dated as of             
        , 200___between                      (the Assignor) and           
           having an address at                      (the Purchasing 
Lender).

Terms defined in the RMB Loan Agreement shall, subject to any contrary 
indication, have the same meanings herein.

1. 	  	In consideration of the amount set forth in the receipt (the 
Receipt) given by Assignor to Purchasing Lender of even date herewith, and 
transferred by wire to Assignor, Assignor hereby assigns and sells, without 
recourse, representation or warranty except as specifically set forth 
herein, to the Purchasing Lender, and the Purchasing Lender hereby 
purchases and assumes from Assignor, a ___% interest (the Purchased 
Interest) of the RMB Advances constituting a portion of the Assignors 
rights and obligations under the RMB Loan Agreement as of the Effective 
Date (as defined below) including, without limitation, such percentage 
interest of the Assignor in any RMB Advances owing to the Assignor, any RMB 
Commitment of Assignor and any other interest of the Assignor under any of 
the RMB Loan Documents.

2. 	  	The Assignor (i) represents and warrants that as of the date hereof 
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of its share of the RMB Advances 
owing to it (without giving effect to assignments thereof which have not 
yet become effective) is $                     ; (ii) represents and 
warrants that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the interests being 
assigned by it hereunder and that such interests are free and clear of any 
adverse claim; (iii) represents and warrants that it has not received any 
notice of any Default or Event of Default from any RMB Borrower; (iv) 
represents and warrants that is has full power and authority to execute and 
deliver,

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	and perform under, this Transfer Agreement, and all necessary 
corporate, partnership and/or other action has been taken to authorize, and 
all approvals and consents have been obtained for, the execution, delivery 
and performance thereof; (v) represents and warrants that this Transfer 
Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable 
in accordance with its terms; (vi) makes no representation or warranty and 
assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or 
representations (or the truthfulness or accuracy thereof) made in or in 
connection with the RMB Loan Agreement, or the other RMB Loan Documents or 
the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency 
or value of the RMB Loan Agreement, or the other RMB Loan Documents or any 
other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; and (vii) makes no 
representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to 
the financial condition of any RMB Borrower or the performance or 
observance by any RMB Borrower of any of its obligations under the RMB Loan 
Agreement or the other RMB Loan Documents or any other instrument or 
document furnished pursuant thereto. Except as specifically set forth in 
this Paragraph 2, this assignment shall be without recourse to Assignor.

3. 	  	The Purchasing Lender (i) confirms that it has received a copy of 
the RMB Loan Agreement, and the other RMB Loan Documents, together with 
such financial statements and such other documents and information as it 
has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to 
enter into this Transfer Agreement and to become a party to the RMB Loan 
Agreement, and has not relied on any statements made by Assignor; (ii) 
agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon any of the 
Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other RMB Lender and based on 
such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, 
continue to make its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, 
operations, property, prospects, financial and other conditions and 
creditworthiness of the RMB Borrowers and will make its own credit 
analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under the 
RMB Loan Agreement, and the other RMB Loan Documents; (iii) appoints and 
authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its 
behalf and to exercise such powers under the RMB Loan Agreement, and the 
other RMB Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by 
the terms thereof, together with such powers as are incidental thereto; 
(iv) agrees that it will be bound by and perform in accordance with their 
terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the RMB Loan Agreement 
are required to be performed by it as a RMB Lender; (v) specifies as its 
addresses for notices and its RMB Facility Office, the addresses and 
offices set forth beneath its name on the signature page hereof; (vi) 
represents and warrants that it has full power and authority to execute and 
deliver, and perform under, this Transfer Agreement, and all necessary 
corporate, partnership and/or other action has been taken to authorize, and 
all approvals and consents have been obtained for, the execution, delivery 
and performance thereof; (vii) represents and warrants that this Transfer 
Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable 
in accordance with

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	its terms; (viii) represents and warrants that the interest being 
assigned hereunder is being acquired by it for its own account, for 
investment purposes only and not with a view to the public distribution 
thereof and without any present intention of its resale in either case that 
would be in violation of applicable securities laws; and represents and 
warrants that it satisfies the requirements of a RMB Qualified Institution.

4. 	  	This Transfer Agreement shall be effective on the date (the 
Effective Date) on which all of the following have occurred (i) it shall 
have been executed and delivered by the parties hereto, (ii) copies hereof 
shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent, AMB Property, L.P. 
and the RMB Borrowers, and (iii) the Purchasing Lender shall have paid to 
the Assignor the agreed purchase price as set forth in the Receipt.

5. 	  	On and after the Effective Date, (i) the Purchasing Lender shall be 
a party to the RMB Loan Agreement and, to the extent provided in this 
Transfer Agreement, have the rights and obligations of a RMB Lender 
thereunder and be entitled to the benefits and rights of the RMB Lenders 
thereunder and (ii) the Assignor shall, to the extent provided in this 
Transfer Agreement as to the Purchased Interest, relinquish its rights and 
be released from its obligations under the RMB Loan Agreement.

6. 	  	From and after the Effective Date, the Assignor shall cause the RMB 
Settlement Agent to make all payments under the RMB Loan Agreement in 
respect of the Purchased Interest assigned hereby (including, without 
limitation, all payments of principal, fees and interest with respect 
thereto and any amounts accrued but not paid prior to such date) to the 
Purchasing Lender.

7. 	  	This Transfer Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts which, when taken together, shall be deemed to constitute one 
and the same instrument.

8. 	  	The Assignor hereby represents and warrants to Purchasing Lender 
that it has made all payments demanded to date by the Administrative Agent 
or RMB Settlement Agent in connection with the Assignors RMB Commitment 
Proportion of the obligation to reimburse the Administrative Agent or RMB 
Settlement Agent for its expenses and made all RMB Advances required. In 
the event the Administrative Agent or RMB Settlement Agent shall demand 
reimbursement for fees and expenses from Purchasing Lender for any period 
prior to the Effective Date, Assignor hereby agrees to promptly pay the 
Administrative Agent or RMB Settlement Agent such sums directly, subject, 
however, to Paragraph 12 hereof.

9. 	  	The Assignor will, at its sole cost and expense, and without expense 
to Purchasing Lender, do, execute, acknowledge and deliver all and every 
such further acts, deeds, conveyances, assignments, notices of assignments, 
transfers and assurances as Purchasing Lender shall, from time to time, 
reasonably require, for the better

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	assuring, conveying, assigning, transferring and confirming unto 
Purchasing Lender the property and rights hereby given, granted, bargained, 
sold, aliened, enfeoffed, conveyed, confirmed, assigned and/or intended now 
or hereafter so to be, on which Assignor may be or may hereafter become 
bound to convey or assign to Purchasing Lender, or for carrying out the 
intention or facilitating the performance of the terms of this Transfer 
Agreement or for filing, registering or recording this Transfer Agreement.

10. 	  	The parties agree that no broker or finder was instrumental in 
bringing about this transaction. Each party shall indemnify, defend the 
other and hold the other free and harmless from and against any damages, 
costs or expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys 
fees and disbursements) suffered by such party arising from claims by any 
broker or finder that such broker or finder has dealt with said party in 
connection with this transaction.

11. 	  	Subject to the provisions of Paragraph 12 hereof, if, with respect 
to the Purchased Interest only, Assignor shall on or after the Effective 
Date receive (a) any cash, note, securities, property, obligations or other 
consideration in respect of or relating to the RMB Advances or the RMB Loan 
Documents or issued in substitution or replacement of the RMB Advances or 
the RMB Loan Documents, (b) any cash or non-cash consideration in any form 
whatsoever distributed, paid or issued in any bankruptcy proceeding in 
connection with the RMB Advances or the RMB Loan Documents or (c) any other 
distribution (whether by means of repayment, redemption, realization of 
security or otherwise), Assignor shall accept the same as Purchasing 
Lenders agent and hold the same in trust on behalf of and for the benefit 
of Purchasing Lender, and shall deliver the same forthwith to Purchasing 
Lender in the same form received, with the endorsement (without recourse) 
of Assignor when necessary or appropriate. If the Assignor shall fail to 
deliver any funds received by it within the same Business Day of receipt 
unless such funds are received after 1:00 p.m. Shanghai time, then the 
following Business Day after receipt, said funds shall accrue interest at 
the rate of                      and in addition to promptly remitting said 
amount, Assignor shall remit such interest from the date received to the 
date such amount is remitted to the Purchasing Lender.

12. 	  	Assignor and Purchasing Lender each hereby agree to indemnify and 
hold harmless the other, each of its directors and each of its officers in 
connection with any claim or cause of action based on any matter or claim 
based on the acts of either while acting as a RMB Lender under the RMB Loan 
Agreement. Promptly after receipt by the indemnified party under this 
Clause of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party 
shall notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof. 
If any such action is brought against any indemnified party and that party 
notifies the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the 
indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate therein, and to the 
extent that it may elect by written notice delivered

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	to the indemnified party promptly after receiving the aforesaid 
notice from such indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof, with 
counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party, and after receipt of notice 
from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to 
assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party will not be liable to 
such indemnified party under this Clause for any legal or other expenses 
subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the 
defense thereof. In no event shall the indemnified party settle or consent 
to a settlement of such cause of action or claim without the consent of the 
indemnifying party.

13. 	  	THIS TRANSFER AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE 
PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF [THE 
STATE OF NEW YORK PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL 
OBLIGATIONS LAW, WITHOUT REGARD TO CHOICE OF LAW RULES].

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Transfer Agreement Schedule

1. 	  	Assignor:
 
2. 	  	Purchasing Lender:
 
3. 	  	Effective Date:
 
4. 	  	Amount of RMB Advances and/or RMB Commitment Transferred:
 
5. 	  	Amount of Commitment Transferred:

Administrative Details of Purchasing Lender

Address:

Contact Name:

RMB Payment Instructions:

Telex:

Fax:

Telephone:

E-mail Address:

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


THE FIFTH SCHEDULE

Payment Instructions

RMB Lenders name [PLEASE INCLUDE NAME OF BRANCH/OFFICE]:
Pay to:

RMB Lenders name:
Pay to:

 