 EX-10.1 2 c21491exv10w1.htm FOURTH AMENDMENT TO MASTER FORMATION AND 
CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT


 

Exhibit 10.1


FOURTH AMENDMENT AND EXHIBIT ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO MASTER
FORMATION AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

     This FOURTH AMENDMENT AND EXHIBIT ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO MASTER FORMATION 
AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (this Amendment), dated as of November 9, 
2007, is entered into by and between, ARIZONA LAND INCOME CORPORATION, an 
Arizona corporation (together with any successor by merger, AZL), and POP 
VENTURE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (POP).

     A. The parties hereto have entered into that certain Master Formation 
and Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2006, that certain 
Amendment and Exhibit Acknowledgement to Master Formation and Contribution 
Agreement dated November 2, 2006, that certain Second Amendment and Exhibit 
Acknowledgement to Master Formation and Contribution Agreement dated 
December 9, 2006 and that certain Third Amendment and Exhibit 
Acknowledgement to Master Formation and Contribution Agreement dated March 
27, 2007 (such agreement, as so amended, the Master Agreement).

     B. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Amendment 
shall have the meanings respectively ascribed to them in the Master 
Agreement.

     C. The parties hereto have agreed to certain changes in the 
composition of properties contributed and consideration paid in the 
contemplated transactions and certain other material changes.

     D. The parties hereto desire to amend and modify the Master Agreement 
in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
this Amendment. As amended and modified by this Amendment, the Master 
Agreement may be referred to as the Agreement.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements hereinafter 
set forth, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby 
agree as follows:

     1. Amendment to Certain Terms in Section 2 of the Master Agreement. 
The following terms contained in Section 2 of the Master Agreement are 
hereby deleted and replaced in their entirety with the following, 
respectively:

Contribution Agreements shall mean all of the Contribution Agreements 
(each in a form reasonably agreed among AZL, POP and the executing POP 
Members (if different than POP)) executed between AZL and POP, or the POP 
Members designated by POP, within thirty (30) days after the execution of 
this Agreement, each as amended by the Master Amendment to Contribution 
Agreements dated as of even date herewith; and each Contribution Agreement 
shall relate to the particular POP Property that is owned, directly or 
indirectly, fully or in part and whether in fee simple or through a ground 
lease, by the POP Affiliate in which such POP Member(s) own membership 
interests. AZL shall be an intended third party beneficiary to each 
Contribution Agreement.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Contribution Agreement shall mean any one (1) of the Contribution 
Agreements.

Net Asset Value shall mean, for each POP Property (or Contributed 
Interest, in the case of any POP Property for which the Contributed 
Interests are less than one hundred percent (100%) of the ownership 
interests in such POP Property), the amount equal to (a) the difference 
between (i) Gross Asset Value minus (ii) the amount, including accrued and 
unpaid interest, of the POP Properties Indebtedness encumbering such POP 
Property at Closing, as adjusted by (b) the net adjustments for the closing 
costs that POP elects, at its discretion pursuant to Section 23.4, not to 
settle in cash.

POP Properties Indebtedness shall mean, for any POP Property, either or 
both, as the case may be, (a) the unpaid mortgage debt secured by such POP 
Property (it being understood, however, that the collateral for such 
indebtedness may, depending on the POP Property in question, be a lien 
encumbering fee simple title, a leasehold estate or an ownership interest 
in a condominium) and (b) the unpaid mezzanine debt secured by a collateral 
assignment of indirect ownership interests in such POP Property; provided 
that, in the case of any POP Property for which the Contributed Interests 
are less than one hundred percent (100%) of the ownership interests in such 
POP Property, such amount shall reflect only that percentage of the 
indebtedness equal to the percentage ownership represented by such 
Contributed Interests relating to such POP Property. By way of example, the 
POP Properties Indebtedness would equal $10 million if the POP Property was 
encumbered with $100 million of indebtedness and the interest of the POP 
Affiliate was ten percent (10%) of the ownership interests in such POP 
Property.

Surviving Corporation Common Stock shall mean the common stock of the 
Surviving Corporation, which shall be listed on an Exchange.

Title Insurance Company shall mean First American Title Insurance Company 
or one or more additional title insurance companies with national 
operations.

     2. Amendment to Section 2 of the Master Agreement. Section 2 of the 
Master Agreement is hereby amended by adding to the end of the current text 
therein:

Aggregate Contribution Value shall mean the sum of (a) the aggregate Net 
Asset Values plus (b) the amount, if any, pursuant to Section 23.6 of 
Escrowed Loan Reserves plus (c) the Capital Investment Value.

Capital Investment shall mean any costs or expenses incurred or funded in 
connection with or relating to the leasing (including but not limited to 
the costs and expenses described in Schedule 2D to the Master Agreement) or 
improvement of, in or on any portion of a POP Property where the cost or 
expense so incurred or funded is required or permitted in accordance with 
GAAP to be capitalized and to be depreciated or amortized over its useful 
life.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Capital Investment Value shall mean the aggregate of all Capital 
Investments incurred or funded by, or on behalf of, the owner of a given 
POP Property from October 1, 2007 through the Closing Date in connection 
with any Capital Investments at that POP Property.

Exchange shall mean any national securities exchange or any inter-dealer 
quotation system of a registered national securities association within the 
meaning of the Exchange Act.

GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United 
States of America.

Net Capital Investment Amount shall mean the positive difference, if any, 
between (i) the Aggregate Contribution Value minus (ii) $163,510,000. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the difference shall be deemed to be zero if the 
difference between the Aggregate Contribution Value minus $163,510,000 is a 
negative number.

Second Special Dividend shall mean a dividend with respect to AZL Common 
Stock in an amount per share to be determined by AZL, in connection with, 
and subject to the approval of POP, which amount shall not be less than the 
minimum amount necessary to enable AZL to satisfy the requirements of 
Sections 857 and 4981 of the Code, and which dividend shall, to the extent 
possible, constitute a capital gain dividend within the meaning of 
Section 857(b)(3)(C) of the Code.

     3. Amendment to Section 4.3 of the Master Agreement. Section 4.3 of 
the Master Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with 
the following:

4.3 Agreed Value. AZL and POP have agreed that the aggregate Gross Asset 
Values, including the value attributable to the Contributed Assets, is 
$562,955,000.

     4. Amendment to Section 4.4 of the Master Agreement. Section 4.4 of 
the Master Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with 
the following:

4.4 Aggregate Consideration. As consideration for the contribution of the 
Contributed Interests and the Contributed Assets to the UPREIT, POP shall 
receive, or direct the issuance, in the aggregate, of the following:

  	(x) 	  	Common Units having a value equal to twenty five percent (25%), 
and Preferred Units equal to seventy-five percent (75%), of an amount equal 
to the difference of (A) the Aggregate Contribution Value minus (B) 
$12,000,000 minus (C) the Net Capital Investment Amount, if any
 
  	(y) 	  	a promissory note of the UPREIT (the Principal Note) in the 
principal amount of $12,000,000 with the other material terms as set forth 
on Exhibit H attached hereto and

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	(z) 	  	if the Net Capital Investment Amount exceeds zero, promissory 
notes of the UPREIT (the Investment Notes) in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the Net Capital Investment Amount and with the other 
material terms as set forth on Exhibit H attached hereto.

The Investment Notes shall be in individual principal amounts and shall be 
allocated in proportion to the Capital Investment Value for any POP 
Property relative to the aggregate Capital Investment Values. For the 
purposes of this Section, Common Units shall have a per unit value equal to 
the Adjusted Per Share Value. For the purposes of this Section, Preferred 
Units shall have a per unit value of $25.00.

     5. Deletion of Section 4.5 of the Master Agreement. Section 4.5 of the 
Master Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety.

     6. Amendment to Section 4.6 of the Master Agreement. Section 4.6 of 
the Master Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with 
the following:

4.6 General Partners Contribution. Pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement, at Closing, AZL shall contribute to the UPREIT all of its assets 
as of the Closing Date (including any AZL Assets that have not been sold 
prior to the Closing Date) except for any cash reserved for the payment of 
the Second Special Dividend or any accrued liabilities of AZL. In 
consideration for such contribution, AZL shall acquire a general partner 
interest in the UPREIT and become the sole general partner of the UPREIT 
and shall be deemed to have made a contribution to the UPREIT in an amount 
equal to the book value of the assets so contributed. Thereafter, AZL shall 
have the rights, duties, privileges and obligations as the holder of the 
general partner interest and as the general partner of the UPREIT and be 
subject to the terms and conditions of the UPREIT Certificate and the 
UPREIT Agreement. AZLs general partner interest at any particular time 
shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the total number of 
shares of Surviving Corporation Common Stock and Surviving Corporation 
Class B Common Stock outstanding as of such time, by (ii) the sum of (A) 
the total number of shares of Surviving Corporation Common Stock and 
Surviving Corporation Class B Common Stock outstanding as of such time, 
plus (B) the total number of shares of Surviving Corporation Common Stock 
into which Common Units outstanding as of such time are exchangeable.

     7. Amendment to Section 6.1 of the Master Agreement. Section 6.1 of 
the Master Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with 
the following:

          6.1 Sale of Assets. AZL shall not sell any of its assets (AZL 
Assets) on or before the Closing Date without the prior consent of POP.

     8. Amendment to Section 6.3 of the Master Agreement. Section 6.3 of 
the Master Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with 
the following:

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          6.3 Declaration of Special Dividend and Second Special Dividend
.

  	(a) 	  	AZL, acting through its Board of Directors, shall, on December 
1, 2006, declare the Special Dividend of $1.00 per share in favor of and 
for the benefit of its shareholders of record as of January 5, 2007, which 
Special Dividend shall (i) be paid on January 26, 2007, (ii) constitute, to 
the extent possible, a capital gain dividend within the meaning of 
Section 857(b)(3)(C) of the Code and (iii) be formally designated in 
accordance with such section of the Code as being applicable to and shall 
be first applied to entirely offset AZLs net capital gain and other 
taxable income (if any) arising from the Mortgage Prepayment and other 
taxable income for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006.

  	(b) 	  	AZL, acting through its Board of Directors, shall, on December 
3, 2007, declare the Second Special Dividend in favor of and for the 
benefit of its shareholders of record as of December 28, 2007, which the 
Second Special Dividend shall (i) be paid on January 15, 2008, (ii) 
constitute, to the extent possible, a capital gain dividend within the 
meaning of Section 857(b)(3)(C) of the Code and (iii) be formally 
designated in accordance with such section of the Code as being applicable 
to and shall be first applied to entirely offset AZLs net capital gain and 
other taxable income (if any) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007.

     9. Amendment to Section 6.4 of the Master Agreement. Section 6.4 of 
the Master Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with 
the following:

          6.4 Restrictions on Dividends. From and after the date hereof 
through the Closing Date, other than the Special Dividend and the Second 
Special Dividend, AZL shall not make, declare, pay or set aside for payment 
any dividend payable in cash, stock or property on or in respect of, or 
declare or make any distribution on, any shares of its capital stock, or 
directly or indirectly adjust, split, combine, reclassify, redeem, purchase 
or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock.

     10. Amendment to Section 9.1 of the Master Agreement. Section 9.1 of 
the Master Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with 
the following:

          9.1 Subscription. At the Closing, AZL shall sell to 
individual(s) or entity(ies) designated by POP Common Units and Surviving 
Corporation Common Stock, as elected by such individual(s) or entity(ies), 
for an aggregate purchase price of $5,000,000 and a price per Common Unit 
or share of Surviving Corporation Common Stock equal to $5.00; subject to 
adjustment in the event of the Reverse Stock Split or any other change in 
the capitalization of AZL or the Surviving Corporation. The purchase price 
shall be payable in immediately available funds at Closing.

     11. Amendment to Section 9 of the Master Agreement. Section 9 of the 
Master Agreement is hereby amended by adding to the end of the current 
subsections therein:

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          9.3 Subscription. At the Closing, AZL shall sell to 
individual(s) or entity(ies) designated by POP Surviving Corporation Common 
Stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1,350,000 and a price per share 
of Surviving Corporation Common Stock equal to $7.50; subject to adjustment 
in the event of the Reverse Stock Split or any other change in the 
capitalization of AZL or the Surviving Corporation. The purchase price 
shall be payable in immediately available funds at Closing.

     12. Amendment to Section 12.3 of the Master Agreement. Section 12.3 of 
the Master Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with 
the following:

          12.3 Listing Application. POP shall use its commercially 
reasonable efforts to cause the shares of Surviving Corporation Common 
Stock to be listed for trading on an Exchange.

     13. Amendment to Section 14.9 of the Master Agreement. Section 14.9 of 
the Master Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with 
the following:

          14.9 Listing Application. AZL shall use its commercially 
reasonable efforts to cause the shares of Surviving Corporation Common 
Stock to be listed for trading on an Exchange.

     14. Amendment to Section 18.4 of the Master Agreement. Section 18.4 of 
the Master Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with 
the following:

          18.4 Exchange Listing. The Surviving Corporation Common Stock 
shall have been approved for listing on an Exchange subject only to 
consummation of the Reincorporation.

     15. Amendment to Section 21(h) of the Master Agreement. Section 21(h) 
of the Master Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with 
the following:

An option (a) granted by POP (and all affiliates of POP, which shall be 
referred to as POP for the purposes of this Section 21(h)) and (b) 
exercisable by the UPREIT to cause POP to contribute to the UPREIT those 
parcels of real property (i) identified as of the Closing as being the 
subject matter of a prospective or completed acquisition by POP and (ii) as 
to which the closing of such acquisition shall have been completed prior to 
or after the Closing, but not later than June 30, 2008 (collectively, the 
Option Properties). The foregoing option granted by POP to the UPREIT 
shall provide the UPREIT with the right to acquire the Option Properties by 
the payment to POP of an Option Properties Contribution Value equal to 
the net investment incurred by POP in the acquisition and, if applicable, 
the financing, joint venturing and sale of the Option Properties in 
question, inclusive of all transaction fees, costs and expenses and 
associated tax liabilities incurred by POP allocable to the Option 
Properties. The Option Properties Contribution Value shall be paid to POP, 
at the option of the UPREIT, in cash or Common Units or shares of AZL

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Common Stock (such Common Units or Common Stock being each valued at an 
amount equal to the average closing price per share of AZL Common Stock 
reported in the consolidated transaction reporting system during the ninety 
(90) trading days immediately preceding the applicable exercise of the 
option by the UPREIT). The remaining terms of the contribution of any 
Option Property shall be substantially as set forth in the Contribution 
Agreements, except that the UPREIT shall have thirty (30) days following 
the exercise of its option with respect to any Option Property to conduct a 
due diligence investigation and to terminate such agreement and option 
without damages if the results of such due diligence investigation are not 
satisfactory to the UPREIT in its sole discretion.

          The exercise by the UPREIT of its option as to any given Option 
Property tendered by POP shall be made within a period of thirty (30) days 
following such tender, and such tender shall be made by POP within thirty 
(30) days after the later of (i) the date on which POP acquires the subject 
Option Property or (ii) the Closing Date. In addition, prior to tendering 
any Option Property to the UPREIT, POP shall be entitled to finance the 
Option Property with secured mortgage debt, sell-down its equity position 
in the Option Property by forming a joint venture with a financial partner, 
and/or sell or otherwise completely dispose of properties acquired with 
Option Properties as a part of a portfolio acquisition (Divested 
Properties). POP shall be entitled to tender its then existing equity 
ownership interest in the Option Properties to the UPREIT subject to such 
mortgage financing and/or such joint venture relationship and to tender 
Option Properties portfolios to the UPREIT which have been diminished by 
the divestiture of Divested Properties. Any net profit realized by POP on a 
cash basis in connection with an equity sell-down of an Option Property or 
the sale of a Divested Property shall be transferred to the UPREIT, in the 
form of a reduction of the contribution price. Notwithstanding anything set 
forth above to the contrary, any exercise of the option by the UPREIT shall 
require that the consummation of its acquisition of the subject Option 
Property take place not later than sixty (60) days following such exercise, 
unless and to the extent consummation is delayed through no fault of the 
UPREIT. Notwithstanding anything herein contained or implied, any Option 
Property that becomes subject to the option granted hereunder by virtue of 
having been identified as of the Closing as a transaction in process, but 
which has not actually been acquired by POP on or prior to June 30, 2008, 
shall, as of the close of business on June 30, 2008, cease to be subject to 
the option described herein.

     16. Amendment to Section 22 of the Master Agreement. Section 22 of the 
Master Agreement is hereby amended by adding to the end of the current text 
therein:

  	(l) 	  	The Principal Note, executed by the UPREIT.
 
  	(m) 	  	The Investment Notes, each executed by the UPREIT.

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	(n) 	  	Options granted by AZL to individual(s) or entity(ies) 
designated by POP, which shall be exercisable for a period of three months 
following the Closing, to acquire up to 500,000 shares of Surviving 
Corporation Common Stock in the aggregate at a price per share of Surviving 
Corporation Common Stock equal to $7.50; subject to adjustment in the event 
of the Reverse Stock Split or any other change in the capitalization of AZL 
or the Surviving Corporation.

     17. Amendment of Section 23.6 of the Master Agreement. Section 23.6 of 
the Master Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with 
the following:

          23.6 The POP Members shall not be reimbursed for the balances 
remaining, as of the Closing Date, in any escrows that exist, as of October 
1, 2007, and are maintained pursuant to the requirements of the POP 
Properties Indebtedness (Escrowed Loan Reserves), and any Escrowed Loan 
Reserves shall be added to the aggregate Net Asset Values; provided that 
the sum of Escrowed Loan Reserves and Net Asset Values shall not exceed 
$163,510,000 in the aggregate and shall otherwise be treated as Contributed 
Assets; provided further that, in the case of any POP Property for which 
the Contributed Interests are less than one hundred percent (100%) of the 
ownership interests in such POP Property, such amount shall reflect only 
that percentage of the Escrowed Loan Reserves equal to the percentage 
ownership represented by such Contributed Interests relating to such POP 
Property. The Escrowed Loan Reserves are estimated by POP, to its 
knowledge, to have been approximately $5,290,000 at September 30, 2007 in 
the aggregate for the eight Contributed Properties the ownership interests 
in which are 100% owned by the POP Members as of the date hereof.

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     18. Amendment to Section 25 of the Master Agreement. Section 25 of the 
Master Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the 
following:

     25. NOTICES. All notices and other communications under this 
Agreement shall be addressed as follows, shall be sent by a reputable 
national overnight delivery service, given in person or sent by facsimile 
and shall be deemed given one (1) business day after delivery and 
acceptance by such reputable national overnight delivery service and be 
deemed given upon receipt if (b) given in person; or (c) sent by facsimile 
for which the transmitting facsimile machine generates evidence of complete 
transmission in each case addressed as follows:

     If to AZL:

Arizona Land Income Corporation
2999 N. 44th Street
Suite 100
Phoenix, Arizona 85018
Attention: Mr. Thomas Hislop
Facsimile: (602) 952-0924

with a copy to:

Squire, Sanders & Dempsey LLP
40 N. Central Avenue
Suite 2700
Phoenix, Arizona 85004
Attention: Joseph Richardson, Esq.
Facsimile: (602) 253-8129

     If to POP:

POP Venture, LLC
c/o The Shidler Group
841 Bishop Street
Suite 1700
Honolulu, Hawaii 96813
Attention: Mr. Jay H. Shidler
Facsimile: (808) 533-4700

and

POP Venture, LLC
c/o The Shidler Group
9 West 57th Street
Suite 1670
New York, New York 10019
Attention: Mr. Robert Denton
Facsimile: (212) 688-3473

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

with a copy to:

Barack Ferrazzano Kirschbaum
     & Nagelberg LLP
200 West Madison Street
Suite 3900
Chicago, Illinois 60606
Attention: Howard A. Nagelberg, Esq.
Facsimile: (312) 984-3150

     19. Amendments to Schedules 2A and 2B of the Master Agreement. 
Schedule 2A of the Master Agreement is hereby amended to delete POP / USB 
Partners, LLC, a Delaware LLC from such schedule. Schedule 2B of the 
Master Agreement is hereby amended to delete U.S. Bank Center, 101 North 
First Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona 85003 from such schedule.

     20. Amendments to Exhibits and Schedules of the Master Agreement. The 
Exhibits and Schedules of the Master Agreement are hereby amended to add 
Exhibit H of this Amendment as Exhibit H of the Master Agreement and to add 
Schedule 2D of this Amendment as Schedule 2D of the Master Agreement.

     21. Omnibus Amendment to Contribution Agreements. Each of the 
Contribution Agreements is hereby amended, without the need for any further 
action by any party, to conform such agreements to the provisions of this 
Agreement.

     22. Additional Terms.

     (i) The Agreement. All references in the Master Agreement to the term 
Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the Agreement referenced in this 
Amendment.

     (ii) Amendment and the Master Agreement to be Read Together. This 
Amendment supplements and is hereby made a part of the Master Agreement, 
and the Master Agreement and this Amendment shall from and after the date 
hereof be read together and shall constitute the Agreement. Except as 
otherwise set forth herein, the Master Agreement shall remain in full force 
and effect.

     (iii) Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed by facsimile and in 
one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all 
of which taken together shall constitute one and the same document.


*****

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as 
of the date set forth above.
  	  	  	  	 
  	POP VENTURE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
  	 
  	By:   	POP FUNDING, its managing member   	 
  	  	 
  	By:   	 JHS MANAGER, LLC, its manager   	 
  	  	 
  	By:   	 /s/ Jay H. Shidler   	 
  	  	Jay H. Shidler  	 
  	  	Sole Member  	 
 
 
  	ARIZONA LAND INCOME CORPORATION,
an Arizona corporation
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Thomas R. Hislop   	 
  	  	Name:   	Thomas R. Hislop  	 
  	  	Title:   	Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Financial Officer  	 

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 


Exhibit H

Material Terms of the Principal Note

1. 	  	interest of 7% per annum;
 
2. 	  	quarterly payments of interest;
 
3. 	  	UPREIT right to accrue any interest payment;
 
4. 	  	five year maturity;
 
5. 	  	UPREIT right to extend maturity for one additional year;
 
6. 	  	maturity accelerates upon the consummation of a public offering of 
Surviving Corporation Common Stock in an amount equal to or greater than 
$75,000,000;
 
7. 	  	unsecured, full recourse;
 
8. 	  	negotiable; and
 
9. 	  	prepayable at any time without a prepayment fee.

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Schedule 2D

Identified Capital Investment

All costs, expenses and reserves associated with the termination of the 
lease relating to the Wallace Theater located at Waterfront Plaza.

13