 EX-10.3 5 d47996a3exv10w3.htm FORM OF MASTER TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT


 

Exhibit 10.3


FORM OF
MASTER TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT
between
TEMPLE INLAND INC.
and
FORESTAR REAL ESTATE GROUP INC.
and
GUARANTY FINANCIAL GROUP INC.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
RECITATIONS 	  	  	4 	 
ARTICLE I SERVICES 	  	  	5 	 
  Section 1.1
  	Initial Services 	  	  	5 	 
  Section 1.2
  	Company Groups 	  	  	5 	 
  Section 1.3
  	Omitted Services; Additional Services 	  	  	5 	 
  Section 1.4
  	Performance of Services 	  	  	5 	 
  Section 1.5
  	Changes to Services 	  	  	6 	 
  Section 1.6
  	Use of Third Parties to Provide the Services 	  	  	6 	 
  Section 1.7
  	Mutual Cooperation 	  	  	6 	 
  Section 1.8
  	Internal Controls, Record Retention and Operating Policies 	  	  	6 	 
  Section 1.9
  	Audit Assistance 	  	  	6 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE II CHARGES AND BILLING; TAXES 	  	  	6 	 
  Section 2.1
  	Charges for Transition Services 	  	  	7 	 
  Section 2.2
  	Procedure 	  	  	7 	 
  Section 3.3
  	Late Payments 	  	  	7 	 
  Section 2.4
  	Taxes 	  	  	7 	 
  Section 2.5
  	Record-Keeping 	  	  	7 	 
  Section 2.6
  	No Set-Off 	  	  	6 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE III TERM AND TERMINATION 	  	  	7 	 
  Section 3.1
  	Term 	  	  	7 	 
  Section 3.2
  	Early Termination 	  	  	7 	 
  Section 3.3
  	Information Transmission 	  	  	8 	 
  Section 3.4
  	Termination Assistance 	  	  	8 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE IV CONFIDENTIALITY 	  	  	8 	 
  Section 4.1
  	Protection of Information 	  	  	8 	 

Page 1 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  Section 4.2
  	Exclusion of Certain Information 	  	  	8 	 
  Section 4.3
  	Non-Public Personal Information 	  	  	8 	 
  Section 4.4
  	Security Program 	  	  	9 	 
  Section 4.5
  	Notification of Security Breaches 	  	  	9 	 
  Section 4.6
  	Operation of a Secure Site 	  	  	9 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; COVENANTS 	  	  	9 	 
  Section 5.1
  	Authorization 	  	  	9 	 
  Section 5.2
  	Non-Infringement 	  	  	9 	 
  Section 5.3
  	Compliance with Laws 	  	  	10 	 
  Section 5.4
  	Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties 	  	  	10 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE VI LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY 	  	  	10 	 
  Section 6.1
  	Exclusion of Certain Damages 	  	  	10 	 
  Section 6.2
  	Providers Indemnification for Third Party Claims 	  	  	10 	 
  Section 6.3
  	Purchasers Indemnification for Third Party Claims 	  	  	10 	 
  Section 6.4
  	Clarification of Indemnification 	  	  	10 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE VII DISPUTE RESOLUTION; GOVERNING LAW 	  	  	10 	 
  Section 7.1
  	Amicable Resolution 	  	  	10 	 
  Section 7.2
  	Arbitration 	  	  	10 	 
  Section 7.3
  	Governing Law 	  	  	10 	 
  Section 7.4
  	Submission to Jurisdiction 	  	  	11 	 
  Section 7.5
  	Waiver of Jury Trial 	  	  	11 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS 	  	  	11 	 
  Section 8.1
  	Survival 	  	  	11 	 
  Section 8.2
  	Title to Intellectual Property 	  	  	11 	 
  Section 8.3
  	Force Majeure 	  	  	11 	 
  Section 8.4
  	Independent Contractors 	  	  	11 	 
  Section 8.5
  	Subrogation 	  	  	12 	 
  Section 8.6
  	Entire Agreement; Incorporation of Schedules and Exhibits 	  	  	12 	 
  Section 8.7
  	Amendments and Waivers 	  	  	12 	 
  Section 8.8
  	No Implied Waivers; Cumulative Remedies; Writing Required 	  	  	12 	 
  Section 8.9
  	No Third Party Beneficiaries 	  	  	12 	 

Page 2 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  Section 8.10
  	Assignment; Binding Agreement 	  	  	12 	 
  Section 8.11
  	Responsible Parties 	  	  	12 	 
  Section 8.12
  	Notices 	  	  	12 	 
  Section 8.13
  	Severability 	  	  	13 	 
  Section 8.14
  	Construction 	  	  	13 	 
  Section 8.15
  	Counterparts 	  	  	13 	 
  Section 8.16
  	Delivery by Facsimile and Other Electronic Means 	  	  	13 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	 
SIGNATURE PAGE 	  	  	15 	 
EXHIBIT A  SCHEDULES 	  	  	16-78 	 
EXHIBIT B  GLOSSARY 	  	  	79 	 
EXHIBIT C  DISPUTE RESOLUTION 	  	  	81 	 
EXHIBIT D  NOTICE OF EARLY TERMINATION 	  	  	83 	 

Page 3 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


MASTER TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT

Temple-Inland Inc. (Temple-Inland), Forestar Real Estate Group Inc. (
Forestar) and Guaranty Financial Group Inc. (Financial Services) make 
this Master Transition Services Agreement (Agreement) in consideration of 
the mutual promises and agreements contained in this Agreement.

RECITATIONS

A. On the Effective Date, Temple-Inland will distribute to its shareholders 
pro rata all of the outstanding stock of Forestar (the Forestar 
Distribution) and all of the outstanding stock of Financial Services (the 
Financial Services Distribution and, collectively with the Forestar 
Distribution, the Distributions), both corporations that Temple-Inland 
currently owns and controls.

B. Incident to the Distributions, each of the Companies have been required 
to plan to disaggregate various shared services and certain common uses of 
facilities and equipment. In order to facilitate separation of the 
Companies on the Effective Date, the Companies have agreed that certain 
shared services and certain common uses of facilities and equipment should 
continue for a transitional period after the Effective Date (together such 
shared services and common uses are referred to as the Transition Services
).

C. The Provider of the Transition Services and each Purchaser of Transition 
Services shall agree in a separate Schedule to this Agreement (Schedule) 
upon the scope, scale and description of each particular Transition Service 
to be provided, how long the Transition Service will be provided, early 
termination provisions, the price for the Transition Service expressed 
either as a fixed unit price or as a fixed periodic price, payment terms 
and such special terms and conditions as may be applicable to the 
particular Transition Service. Each of the Transition Services so scheduled 
shall be provided under the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Agreement as supplemented or expressly modified by the applicable Schedule. 
The form of the Schedules shall be substantially as set forth in Exhibit A
.

D. All the capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meaning 
either given those terms or incorporated by reference in the Glossary 
attached as Exhibit B.

Page 4 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ARTICLE I

SERVICES

Section 1.1 Initial Services. Commencing on the Effective Date, the Company 
designated as the Provider on each Schedule to this Agreement, shall 
provide to the Company or Companies designated as the Purchaser on the 
Schedule, the services set forth on that Schedule (Initial Services) 
under the terms and upon the conditions set forth in this Agreement, 
including the applicable Schedule.

Section 1.2 Company Groups. A Company may designate one of its Affiliates 
as the Provider on a Schedule. A Company may designate one of its 
Affiliates as the Purchaser on a Schedule. Any Companys Affiliate that 
provides Transition Services and any Companys Affiliate that purchases 
Transition Services shall be bound by the terms of this Agreement and the 
applicable Schedule under which the Transition Services are provided. 
Unless otherwise specifically provided in the applicable Schedule, the 
Affiliate designated either as a Provider or a Purchaser and the Company 
designating them shall be jointly and severally liable for all obligations 
under this Agreement with respect to the Transition Service provided under 
the applicable Schedule. As requested by the other parties to a Schedule, 
the applicable Company shall cause each of its Affiliates designated as a 
Purchaser or a Provider in that Schedule to execute the Schedule to 
evidence that the member is legally obligated by that Schedule and terms of 
this Agreement, but a signature by a member so designated is not required 
to bind that member.

Section 1.3 Omitted Services; Additional Services. If during the Term of 
this Agreement any of the Companies identifies a service that reasonably 
should have been included in the Transition Services, but was inadvertently 
omitted (Omitted Services), then that Company may request the Company 
that would have been the Provider of such Omitted Services to furnish the 
Transition Services. The Company requested to provide the Omitted Services 
shall do so if commercially feasible to provide the Transition Services 
under the terms of this Agreement for a fixed unit fee or fixed periodic 
fee set by the potential Provider in an amount reasonably estimated to 
cover the cost of providing the Transition Services and other commercially 
reasonable terms covered in a Schedule. If the Company requesting the 
Omitted Services accepts the terms for provision of the Omitted Services 
offered by the potential Provider, those Companies shall enter into a 
Schedule that will become part of this Agreement. Companies may also add 
additional services (Additional Services) that are not Omitted Services 
by entering into a Schedule that is made part of this Agreement provided 
that Additional Services entered under this Agreement must terminate no 
later than the end of the term of this Agreement.

Section 1.4 Performance of Services. Provider shall perform its duties and 
discharge its obligations under this Agreement in a commercially reasonable 
manner based upon its current practices in providing analogous services for 
itself or its Affiliates (or prior practices in the absence of a current 
practice) and in accordance with any service levels and performance 
obligations specified in the applicable Schedule. This obligation is 
subject to and upon the following conditions:

(a) No Provider shall be required to perform any Transition Service in a 
manner that would constitute a violation of applicable law.

(b) No Provider shall be required to perform any Transition Service for the 
benefit of any Third Party.

(c) Except as set forth otherwise in an applicable Schedule, no Provider 
shall be obligated to (i) hire or train additional employees, (ii) 
purchase, lease or license any additional equipment or software or (iii) 
pay any cost related to the transfer or conversion of Information to 
Purchaser upon termination of the Transition Services.

(d) Except as set forth otherwise in an applicable Schedule, Provider shall 
be solely responsible for maintaining during the applicable Service Period 
equipment, software, licenses, personnel, facilities and other resources 
reasonably necessary for Providers provision of the Transition Services 
for which it is responsible that are substantially equivalent to those 
resources that were available to the Provider at the Effective Date.

Section 1.5 Changes to Services. Except as provided in Section 1.9 below, 
Provider may make changes from time to time in the manner of performing the 
Transition Services, if:

(a) Provider is making similar changes in performing analogous services for 
itself or its Affiliates;

Page 5 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

(b) Provider furnishes to Purchaser substantially the same notice (in 
content and timing) and right of consultation as Provider shall furnish to 
its Affiliates respecting such changes, provided that if there is no such 
notice or right of consultation, then Provider shall give a commercially 
reasonable notice and right of consultation to Purchaser;

(c) changes shall not result in any material degradation of the Transition 
Services and after the applicable changes, the Transition Services shall 
meet the standards imposed by this Agreement.

Section 1.6 Use of Third Parties to Provide the Services. Provider may 
discharge its duties and perform its obligations under this Agreement 
through agents, subcontractors or independent contractors.

Section 1.7 Mutual Cooperation. Purchaser and Provider shall cooperate with 
each other in connection with the performance of the Transition Services, 
including producing on a timely basis all Information that is reasonably 
requested with respect to the performance of the Transition Services.

Section 1.8 Internal Controls, Record Retention and Operating Policies. 
Provider shall maintain and comply with the internal controls, record 
retention policies and other operating policies and procedures that were in 
place prior to the Effective Date with respect to each Transition Service 
or as otherwise implemented by the Parties to comply with internal 
standards and procedures or applicable law. If a Purchaser under a Schedule 
requires a change to the internal controls or compliance policies or 
requires the implementation of additional internal controls or compliance 
policies related to a Transition Service in order to comply with changes to 
applicable law or internal standards and procedures, the Provider shall 
change or add to the internal controls or compliance policies related to 
the Transition Service as requested by the Purchaser. In connection with a 
Provider changing or adding to internal controls or compliance policies as 
required by the foregoing, the Purchaser shall pay for any additional costs 
for the Transition Service associated with the implementation or 
maintenance of the applicable change or addition; provided, however, that 
if (i) such change or addition is required for the compliance of both the 
Purchaser and the Provider with a law or policy applicable to both, or (ii) 
both the Purchaser and the Provider will benefit from such change or 
addition, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith an equitable sharing of 
the costs associated with such change or addition.

Section 1.9 Audit Assistance. Provider and Purchaser shall cooperate with 
the other in providing such Information as may be required and access for 
audits by independent certified public accountants, internal auditors, 
regulators, or other persons with the right of audit. A Party acting as a 
Purchaser hereunder may request its third party auditor to perform a SAS 70 
Type II audit or other audit or review of such Providers internal controls 
and operating environment related to the Transition Services upon 
reasonable advance notice, and the Provider shall perform such an audit or 
review or assist Purchaser or Purchasers third party auditor in connection 
with such an audit or review, in each case at the Purchasers expense. At 
the conclusion of such audit or review, the Provider shall implement such 
reasonable changes to the Transition Services or operating environment to 
correct deficiencies identified in the audit report to ensure compliance 
with applicable law or that are otherwise necessary for Provider to comply 
with Purchasers internal policies in connection with the Transition 
Services. The Parties shall share the costs to implement all such changes 
equally. The Company being audited shall be responsible for all incremental 
costs incurred by other Companies in providing such Information or 
assistance.


ARTICLE II

CHARGES AND BILLING; TAXES

Section 2.1 Charges for Transition Services. The charges for the Transition 
Services shall be established in monthly units and shall be (a) as set 
forth in the applicable Schedules, or (b) determined in accordance with the 
charging methodology as set forth in the applicable Schedules (the 
Charges). Provider shall invoice Purchaser for the Charges in the manner 
and at the time provided in the applicable Schedule. Charges shall be good 
faith advance estimates of Providers cost of providing the Transition 
Services and shall not be corrected retroactively for actual costs. 
Provider may change the Charges for future billing at any time to cover a 
change in the cost of providing the Transition Service. Provider will give 
Purchaser thirty (30) days notice of any such change in Charges. Annually 
within 30 days after the anniversary date of this Agreement, Provider and 
Purchaser shall review the Charges and make any adjustments to those 
Charges going forward to reflect changes in the cost of providing the 
Transition Services during the preceding year. Changes for any time period 
covered as an extension of service beyond the originally scheduled end date 
shall be at market value instead of cost. The market value pricing will be 
determined by the Provider and will be equal and equitable in light of 
market conditions for services of a like kind and duration.

Page 6 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

There will not be any charges for the time period between the Effective 
Date and January 1, 2008. The Parties intend that the Charges will be fair, 
reasonable and arms length pricing and in compliance with the affiliate 
transaction requirements promulgated from time to time by the regulatory 
entities having authority over financial services, including Office of 
Thrift Supervision (OTS) Regulations 12 C.F.R. 563.41 and 563.42 and 
Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act.

Section 2.2 Procedure. Purchaser shall pay to Provider the Charges as 
invoiced by Provider, in the manner and at the time provided in the 
applicable Schedule. All amounts due and payable under this Agreement shall 
be invoiced and paid in U.S. dollars.

Section 2.3 Late Payments. Charges not paid when due in accordance with the 
provisions of the applicable Schedule shall bear interest at a rate per 
annum equal to the lesser of Prime Rate plus two percent (2%) from such 
date due until the date paid, or the maximum contractual rate permitted by 
law.

Section 2.4 Taxes. Purchaser shall pay any and all Transfer Taxes incurred 
in connection with the applicable Providers provision of the Transition 
Services.

Section 2.5 Record-Keeping. Provider shall maintain complete and accurate 
records of any invoices and supporting documentation for all amounts billed 
to, and payments made by, the Purchaser under this Agreement, subject to 
Providers usual record retention policies. Provider shall provide to 
Purchaser or its designee documentation and other information relating to 
each invoice as may be reasonably requested by Purchaser to verify that 
Providers charges are accurate, complete, and valid in accordance with 
this Agreement.

Section 2.6 No Set-Off. Purchasers obligation to make any required 
payments under this Agreement shall not be subject to any unilateral right 
of offset, set-off, deduction or counterclaim, however arising.


ARTICLE III

TERM AND TERMINATION

Section 3.1 Term. Unless otherwise terminated pursuant to Section 3.2, this 
Agreement will terminate with respect to any Transition Service at the 
close of business on the last day of the Service Period for such Transition 
Service designated in the applicable Schedule. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Purchaser may elect to extend the Service Period for any 
Transition Service in accordance with the terms for extension provided in 
the applicable Schedule, if any are expressly provided. Except as provided 
in Section 8.1, this Agreement will terminate at the close of business on 
the last day of the last Service Period in effect (the Term).

Section 3.2 Early Termination. (a) Purchaser shall have the right at any 
time during the Term of this Agreement to terminate its obligation to 
purchase any Transition Service for future months, upon the giving of an 
advance written notice to Provider of (i) not less than the notice period 
set forth in the applicable Schedule or, (ii) if the applicable Schedule 
does not set forth a number of days, not less than thirty (30) days. If 
Purchaser terminates a Transition Service prior to the expiration of the 
Service Period for such Transition Service, the fees for any remaining 
months of the Service Period for associated Transition Services shall be 
decreased to account for the Transition Services that are terminated and 
any prepaid monthly Charges shall be refunded to Purchaser. Upon early 
termination of Transition Services under this section, Purchaser shall pay 
Provider a termination fee in a reasonable amount set by Provider to 
reimburse the Provider for any unreimbursed costs that directly result from 
the early termination and to recover any incurred fees or expenses being 
amortized over the Service Period.

     (b) In addition, Purchaser shall have the right at any time during the 
Term of this Agreement to terminate its obligations to purchase any 
Transition Service if Provider materially breaches a provision with respect 
to any particular Transition Service and, if curable, does not cure such 
breach within thirty (30) days after being given notice of such breach. 
Upon termination for breach, Purchaser shall not be obligated to pay a 
termination fee and any prepaid charges shall be prorated and the unused 
portion refunded to Purchaser.

     (c) Provider shall have the right at any time during the Term of this 
Agreement to terminate its obligation to provide any Transition Service if 
Purchaser materially breaches a provision with respect to any particular 
Transition Service and, if curable, does not cure such breach within 30 
days after being given notice of such breach. Failure to timely pay money 
shall be a material breach.

     (d) Provider shall also have the right at any time during the Term of 
this Agreement to terminate its obligations to provide any Transition 
Service if there is a change in control of Purchaser. For this section,

Page 7 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Change in Control means transfer of a majority of Purchasers outstanding 
voting stock to a Person not a Party to this Agreement.

     (e) Provider shall also have the right to terminate its obligations to 
provide any Transition Service on thirty (30) days written notice if 
conditions change to render the provision of the Transition Service 
commercially unreasonable.

     (f) Written notice of any Early Termination shall be provided in the 
form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit D.

Section 3.3 Information Transmission. On or prior to the last day of each 
relevant Service Period, the Provider shall use commercially reasonable 
efforts to support any transfer of Information concerning the relevant 
Transition Services to the applicable Purchaser. If requested by the 
Purchaser, the Provider shall deliver to the applicable Purchaser, within 
such time periods as Provider and Purchaser may reasonably agree, all 
Information received, generated or computed for the benefit of such 
Purchaser during the Service Period, in electronic and/or hard copy form; 
provided that (a) the Provider shall not have any obligation to provide or 
cause to provide Information in any non-standard format, and (b) the 
Provider shall be reimbursed for its reasonable out-of-pocket costs for 
providing Information in any format other than its standard format, unless 
otherwise expressly provided in the applicable Schedule.

Section 3.4 Termination Assistance. Upon termination or expiration of this 
Agreement, each Provider shall have an obligation that survives such 
termination to provide to the Purchaser, or Purchasers designees, services 
as necessary to effect an orderly and smooth transition of the Transition 
Services to the Purchaser or a successor service provider and such other 
cooperation as reasonably requested by the Purchaser in connection with 
such termination or expiration. Any particular termination and expiration 
assistance services may be detailed in an applicable Schedule and shall 
include, at a minimum, any knowledge transfer, training of Purchasers or 
its designees personnel, transfer of data and other materials related to 
the Transition Services and any information and assistance reasonably 
necessary or desirable or reasonably requested by the Purchaser to ensure 
an orderly and smooth transition of the Transition Services to Purchaser or 
a successor service provider.


ARTICLE IV

CONFIDENTIALITY

Section 4.1 Protection of Information. Provider and Purchaser may share 
Information that is confidential or subject to privacy laws in the course 
of Provider performing Transition Services. Provider and Purchaser shall 
each protect and maintain the confidentiality of all Information provided 
to it by the other Party that is either designated as confidential by 
clearly so marking on or in the transmittal in a manner that may be easily 
observed, is required to be kept confidential under law, or contains 
financial or proprietary data (Confidential Information). Provider and 
Purchaser shall each use, as applicable, (a) in the absence of a policy or 
procedure used to provide substantially the same service before the 
Effective Date, the same internal policies and controls to protect and 
maintain the others Confidential Information as are used to protect their 
own Confidential information or (b) those policies and procedures that were 
in effect prior to the Effective Date and used by the Provider in providing 
substantially the same service to Purchaser. Provider and Purchaser shall 
use the others Confidential Information only as required for the purposes 
of this Agreement and shall return upon request, subject to the limitations 
of Section 3.3, or destroy Confidential Information that is no longer 
needed to render Transition Services in accordance with the receiving 
Partys retention policies.

Section 4.2 Exclusion of Certain Information. The provisions of Section 4.1 
do not apply to Information that (i) was, is or becomes generally available 
to the public other than as a result of a breach of this Section 4.1 or any 
applicable confidentiality agreement by the receiving Party or its 
representatives; (ii) was or is developed by the receiving Party 
independently of and without reference to any Confidential Information of 
the disclosing Party; or (iii) was, is or becomes available to the 
receiving Party on a non-confidential basis from a Third Party not bound by 
a confidentiality agreement.

Section 4.3 Non-Public Personal Information. Non-Public Personal 
Information means all non-public personal information as defined by the 
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, 15 U.S.C. § 6801 et seq., as amended from time to 
time, and all applicable implementing regulations and agency pronouncements 
related thereto, as amended from time to time (collectively, the GLBA). 
Provider agrees to keep confidential, safeguard and not disclose any 
Non-Public

Page 8 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Personal Information in violation of the GLBA, the Interagency Guidelines 
Establishing Information Security Standards, the Fair and Accurate Credit 
Transactions Act, the Interagency Guidance on Response Programs for 
Unauthorized Access to Customer Information and Customer Notice (the 
Interagency Guidance), or in violation of any other applicable law. 
Provider warrants that its policies, business practices and methodologies 
are, to the extent required, or forseeably required, in compliance with any 
and all relevant portions of applicable law.

Section 4.4 Security Program. Provider will maintain reasonable security 
policies, procedures, and systems to protect Non-Public Personal 
Information it receives, stores, uses or transmits.  Provider will maintain 
a comprehensive, written security program (Security Program) that is 
designed to: (a) ensure the security and confidentiality of Non-Public 
Personal Information; (b) restrict the use of Non-Public Personal 
Information to the purpose for which it is given to Provider; (c) protect 
against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of 
Non-Public Personal Information; and (d) otherwise comply with applicable 
law and meet the objectives of 12 C.F.R. Part 570, Appendix B, the 
Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safeguarding Customer 
Information.  The Security Program will include administrative, technical, 
and physical safeguards that are commensurate with the scope of Provider 
activities and the sensitivity of Non-Public Personal Confidential 
Information.  The Security Program will include, as appropriate, and 
without limitation: access controls on electronic systems that are used to 
maintain, access or transmit Non-Public Personal Information; adjustments 
to security programs due to technology changes; access restrictions at 
physical locations containing Non-Public Personal Information; encryption 
of electronic Confidential Information, as further set forth herein; dual 
control procedures; testing and monitoring of electronic systems; and 
procedures to detect actual and attempted attacks on or intrusions into the 
electronic systems containing or processing Non-Public Personal 
Information.  Provider will promptly provide a copy of its Security Program 
to Purchaser upon its request.  Upon request, Provider also will provide 
reasonable evidence that Provider maintains adequate security controls in 
accordance with the requirements herein. 

Section 4.5 Notification of Security Breaches. Provider will comply with 
all applicable law relating to security breaches, including, but not 
limited to, Texas and California law and the Interagency Guidance. Provider 
will respond immediately to remedy any known security breaches or service 
disruptions and, in the event of any threatened or actual disclosure, loss 
or breach in the security of Information, Provider will immediately notify 
Purchaser of any threatened or actual disclosure, loss or breach, and the 
actions that Provider is taking to prevent any further disclosure, loss or 
breach.

4.6 Operation of a Secure Site. Provider will undertake reasonable measures 
to ensure the security, confidentiality, and integrity of all Non-Public 
Personal Information transmitted through or stored on Providers server(s), 
including, without limitation: (a) providing at a minimum, 128-bit SSL 
encrypted session when collecting or utilizing Non-Public Personal 
Information; (b) firewall protection; (c) maintenance of independent 
archival and backup copies of all of Non-Public Personal Information and 
ensuring that all back-up tapes that contain any Non-Public Personal 
Information are no less than 128-bit encrypted; (d) protecting from any 
network attack and other malicious or disabling entry, data, work, code or 
program; (e) performing periodic information security risk assessments to 
identify and assess risks arising from any third party connection to the 
Providers information system and implementing any appropriate mitigating 
security controls; and (f) ensuring that Non-Public Personal Information is 
stored on a database that is separate from all web server(s) and on a host 
that is secured on Providers internal network or a non-Internet facing 
network. Provider will ensure that all user identifications and passwords 
and Confidential Information received and transmitted via the Internet is, 
at a minimum, 128-bit SSL encrypted. All stored passwords will be encrypted 
pursuant to these same encryption standards. Provider will use industry 
standard encryption algorithms to meet its encryption requirements 
hereunder.


ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; COVENANTS

Section 5.1 Authorization. Each Company represents and warrants: (a) that 
this Agreement has been validly executed and delivered by such Company and 
that the provisions set forth in this Agreement constitute legal, valid, 
and binding obligations of such Company and any of its Affiliates 
designated by Company as a Provider or Purchaser, enforceable against such 
Company and each such Affiliate in accordance with their terms, subject to 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and other laws affecting creditors 
rights generally, and with regard to equitable remedies, to the discretion 
of the court before which proceedings to obtain such remedies may be 
pending;

Page 9 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

and (b) that such Company has all requisite corporate power and authority 
to enter into this Agreement, including requisite authorizations from each 
Affiliate that may be designated as a Provider or Purchaser.

Section 5.2 Non-Infringement. Provider shall perform Transition Services 
under this Agreement in a manner that does not and shall not infringe, or 
constitute an infringement or misappropriation of, any intellectual 
property rights of any Third Party.

Section 5.3 Compliance with Laws. Each Party shall perform Transition 
Services under this Agreement in a manner that complies in all material 
respects with all applicable laws.

Section 5.4 Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties. EXCEPT AS 
EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT 
ALL TRANSITION SERVICES AND ANY GOODS DELIVERED INCIDENT THERETO ARE 
PROVIDED ON AN AS-IS WHERE-IS BASIS AND THAT PROVIDER MAKES NO 
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE TRANSITION SERVICES AND 
PROVIDER HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO 
THE TRANSITION SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


ARTICLE VI

LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY

Section 6.1 Exclusion of Certain Damages. IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY PROVIDER OR 
PURCHASER, ITS AFFILIATES OR ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS 
BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, 
CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THE PERFORMANCE OF 
TRANSITION SERVICES, EVEN IF THAT PROVIDER OR PURCHASER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF 
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND EACH PROVIDER OR PURCHASER HEREBY 
WAIVES ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND THE MEMBERS OF ITS GROUP ANY CLAIM FOR SUCH 
DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY CLAIM FOR LOST PROFITS, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE.

Section 6.2 Providers Indemnification for Third Party Claims. Provider 
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Purchaser and its directors, 
officers and employees, and each of the successors and assigns of any of 
the foregoing from and against any and all claims of Third Parties relating 
to, arising out of or resulting from Providers gross negligence or willful 
misconduct in the performance of its obligations hereunder, or breach of 
this Agreement, other than to the extent such Third Party claims are 
attributable to the gross negligence, negligence, willful misconduct or 
breach of this Agreement by any Person so indemnified by Provider.

Section 6.3 Purchasers Indemnification for Third Party Claims. Purchaser 
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Provider and its directors, 
officers and employees, and each of the successors and assigns of any of 
the foregoing from and against any and all claims of Third Parties relating 
to, arising out of or resulting from Purchasers gross negligence or 
willful misconduct in the performance of its obligations hereunder, or 
breach of this Agreement, other than to the extent such Third Party claims 
are attributable to the gross negligence, negligence, willful misconduct or 
breach of this Agreement by any Person so indemnified by Purchaser.

Section 6.4 Clarification of Indemnification. As used in Sections 6.2 and 
6.3, without limitation, willful misconduct includes any felony where 
scienter is an element, any intentional tort or any common law fraud.


ARTICLE VII

DISPUTE RESOLUTION; GOVERNING LAW

Section 7.1 Amicable Resolution. In accordance with Exhibit C, each Company 
and each Provider and Purchaser shall seek to resolve in an amicable manner 
all disputes and disagreements connected with their respective rights and 
obligations under this Agreement, including involving such senior 
management as may be required to reach resolution of any dispute.

Section 7.2 Arbitration. Subject to Section 7.1, and except for suits 
seeking injunctive relief or specific performance, in the event of any 
dispute, controversy or claim arising under or in connection with this 
Agreement (including any dispute, controversy or claim relating to the 
breach, termination or validity of this Agreement), Provider and

Page 10 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Purchaser agree to submit any such dispute, controversy or claim to binding 
arbitration in accordance with Exhibit C.

Section 7.3 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, 
validity and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the law of the State of Texas and applicable 
federal law, without giving effect to any conflict of law principle.

Section 7.4 Submission to Jurisdiction. SUBJECT TO SECTION 7.2, EACH OF THE 
PARTIES IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS (FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY) TO 
THE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT SITTING IN AUSTIN, TEXAS, IN 
ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND 
AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF THE ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD 
AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH COURT; PROVIDED THAT THE PARTIES MAY BRING 
ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS AGAINST EACH OTHER IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS TO THE 
EXTENT NECESSARY TO IMPLEAD THE OTHER PARTY IN ANY ACTION COMMENCED BY A 
THIRD PARTY THAT IS RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY ALSO AGREES NOT 
TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 
AGREEMENT IN ANY OTHER COURT OR IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS UNLESS SUCH ACTIONS 
OR PROCEEDINGS ARE NECESSARY TO IMPLEAD THE OTHER PARTY IN ANY ACTION 
COMMENCED BY A THIRD PARTY THAT IS RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT. EACH OF THE 
PARTIES WAIVES ANY DEFENSE OF INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF ANY 
ACTION OR PROCEEDING SO BROUGHT AND WAIVES ANY BOND, SURETY, OR OTHER 
SECURITY THAT MIGHT BE REQUIRED OF ANY OTHER PARTY WITH RESPECT THERETO. 
ANY PARTY MAY MAKE SERVICE ON ANY OTHER PARTY BY SENDING OR DELIVERING A 
COPY OF THE PROCESS TO THE PARTY TO BE SERVED AT THE ADDRESS AND IN THE 
MANNER PROVIDED FOR THE GIVING OF NOTICES IN SECTION 8.12. NOTHING IN THIS 
SECTION 7.4, HOWEVER, SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY TO SERVE LEGAL 
PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR AT EQUITY. EACH PARTY 
AGREES THAT A FINAL NONAPPEALABLE JUDGMENT IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING SO 
BROUGHT SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR 
IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW OR AT EQUITY.

Section 7.5 Waiver of Jury Trial. AS A SPECIFICALLY BARGAINED FOR 
INDUCEMENT FOR EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT 
(AFTER HAVING THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL), EACH PARTY 
EXPRESSLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING 
RELATING TO OR ARISING IN ANY WAY FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR THE MATTERS 
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.


ARTICLE VIII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 8.1 Survival. Sections 1.9, Article 2, Sections 3.3 and 3.4, and 
Articles 4-7, shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement 
and of each Schedule made under this Agreement.

Section 8.2 Title to Intellectual Property. Each Purchaser acknowledges 
that it will acquire no right, title or interest (including any license 
rights or rights of use) in any intellectual property that is owned or 
licensed by any Provider, by reason of the provision of the Transition 
Services provided hereunder. No Purchaser will remove or alter any 
copyright, trademark, confidentiality or other proprietary notices that 
appear on any intellectual property owned or licensed by any Provider, and 
each Purchaser shall reproduce any such notices on any and all copies 
thereof. No Purchaser will attempt to decompile, translate, reverse 
engineer or make excessive copies of any intellectual property owned or 
licensed by any Provider, and each Purchaser shall promptly notify such 
Provider of any such attempt, regardless of whether by Purchaser or any 
Third Party, of which Purchaser becomes aware.

Section 8.3 Force Majeure. No Party shall be held liable or responsible to 
another Party or be deemed to have defaulted under or breached this 
Agreement for failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of this 
Agreement when such failure or delay is caused by or results from events 
beyond the reasonable control of the non-performing Party, including fires, 
floods, earthquakes, embargoes, shortages, epidemics, pandemics, 
quarantines, war, acts of war (whether war be declared or not), terrorist 
acts, insurrections, riots, civil commotion, strikes, lockouts or other 
labor disturbances (whether involving the workforce of the non-performing 
Party or of any other

Page 11 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Person), acts of God or acts, omissions or delays in acting by any 
governmental authority. The suspension of performance shall be of no 
greater scope and no longer duration than is necessary and the 
non-performing Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to remedy 
its inability to perform.

Section 8.4 Independent Contractors. The Parties each acknowledge that they 
are separate entities, each of which has entered into this Agreement for 
independent business reasons. The relationships of the Parties hereunder 
are those of independent contractors and nothing contained herein shall be 
deemed to create a joint venture, employer/employee, partnership or any 
other relationship.

Section 8.5 Subrogation. If any liability arises from the performance of 
any Transition Services under this Agreement by a Third Party contractor, 
the Purchaser with respect to such Transition Services shall be subrogated 
to such rights, if any, as the Provider may have against such third party 
contractor.

Section 8.6 Entire Agreement; Incorporation of Schedules and Exhibits. This 
Agreement (including all Schedules and Exhibits) constitutes the entire 
agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
thereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both 
written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter. All 
Schedules and Exhibits referred to herein are hereby incorporated in and 
made a part of this Agreement as if set forth in full herein.

Section 8.7 Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement may be amended and any 
provision of this Agreement may be waived, provided that any such amendment 
or waiver shall be binding upon a Party only if such amendment or waiver is 
set forth in a writing executed by such Party. No course of dealing between 
or among any Persons having any interest in this Agreement shall be deemed 
effective to modify, amend or discharge any part of this Agreement or any 
rights or obligations of any party hereto under or by reason of this 
Agreement.

Section 8.8 No Implied Waivers; Cumulative Remedies; Writing Required. No 
delay or failure in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall 
affect or operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial 
exercise thereof or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce 
such a right, power or remedy preclude any further exercise thereof or of 
any other right, power or remedy. The rights and remedies hereunder are 
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies that any Party 
hereto would otherwise have. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any 
kind or character of any breach or default under this Agreement or any such 
waiver of any provision of this Agreement must satisfy the conditions set 
forth in Section 8.7 and shall be effective only to the extent in such 
writing specifically set forth.

Section 8.9 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, 
express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than the 
Parties, and their respective successors and permitted assigns, any rights 
or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by virtue of this Agreement.

Section 8.10 Assignment; Binding Agreement. Neither this Agreement nor any 
of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be 
assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of 
the Parties without the prior written consent of the other Parties, and any 
instrument purporting to make such an assignment without prior written 
consent shall be void; provided, however, either Party may assign this 
Agreement to a successor entity in conjunction with a merger effected 
solely for the purpose of changing such Partys state of incorporation. 
Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, 
inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Parties and their 
respective successors and permitted assigns.

Section 8.11 Responsible Parties. Each Party shall be responsible for its 
Affiliates compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Section 8.12 Notices. All notices, demands and other communications given 
under this Agreement must be in writing and must be either personally 
delivered, mailed by first class mail (postage prepaid and return receipt 
requested), telecopied (and confirmed by telecopy answer back), or sent by 
reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid) to the recipient at 
the address indicated below or such other address or to the attention of 
such other Person as the recipient Party shall have specified by prior 
written notice to the sending Party. Any notice, demand or other 
communication under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given when 
so personally delivered or so telecopied and confirmed (if telecopied 
before 5:00 p.m. Central Time on a business day, or if sent, one business 
day after deposit with an overnight courier, or, if mailed, five business 
days after deposit in the U.S. mail.

Page 12 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

TEMPLE-INLAND INC.
Attn: Morris Davis, General Counsel
1300 South Mopac Expressway
Austin, TX 78746
Fax: (512) 434-8051

FORESTAR REAL ESTATE GROUP INC.
Attn: David Grimm, General Counsel
1300 South Mopac Expressway
Austin, TX 78746
Fax: (512) 434-5780

GUARANTY FINANCIAL GROUP INC.
Attn: Scott Almy, General Counsel
8333 Douglas Avenue
Dallas, TX 75225
Fax: (214) 360-1908

The Parties may, in their discretion, agree to accept notices and other 
communications hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to 
procedures agreed to, provided that approval of such procedures may be 
limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Parties agree 
otherwise, notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall 
be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the 
intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as 
available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that 
if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal 
business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be 
deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business 
day for the recipient.

Section 8.13 Severability. The Parties agree that (i) the provisions of 
this Agreement shall be severable in the event that for any reason 
whatsoever any of the provisions hereof are invalid, void or otherwise 
unenforceable, (ii) any such invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable 
provisions shall be replaced by other provisions which are as similar as 
possible in terms to such invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable 
provisions but are valid and enforceable, and (iii) the remaining 
provisions shall remain valid and enforceable to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law.

Section 8.14 Construction. The descriptive headings herein are inserted for 
convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a substantive part 
of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever 
required by the context, any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include 
the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular 
forms of nouns, pronouns, and verbs shall include the plural and vice 
versa. Reference to any agreement, document, or instrument means such 
agreement, document, or instrument as amended or otherwise modified from 
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, and if applicable 
hereof. The use of the words include or including in this Agreement 
shall be by way of example rather than by limitation. The use of the words 
or, either or any shall not be exclusive. The Parties have 
participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In 
the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this 
Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties hereto, 
and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring 
any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this 
Agreement. The Parties agree that prior drafts of this Agreement shall be 
deemed not to provide any evidence as to the meaning of any provision 
hereof or the intent of the Parties hereto with respect hereto. In case of 
ambiguity or conflict between the terms and conditions of the body of this 
Agreement and the terms and conditions of a Schedule to this Agreement, the 
terms and conditions of the Schedule shall control.

Section 8.15 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple 
counterparts (any one of which need not contain the signatures of more than 
one Party), each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of 
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

Section 8.16 Delivery by Facsimile and Other Electronic Means. This 
Agreement, and any amendments hereto, to the extent signed and delivered by 
means of a facsimile machine or other electronic transmission, shall be 
treated in all manner and respects as an original contract and shall be 
considered to have the same binding legal effects as if it

Page 13 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the 
request of any Party, each other Party shall re-execute original forms 
thereof and deliver them to all other Parties. No Party shall raise the use 
of a facsimile machine or other electronic means to deliver a signature or 
the fact that any signature was transmitted or communicated through the use 
of facsimile machine or other electronic means as a defense to the 
formation of a contract and each such Party forever waives any such 
defense.


[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

Page 14 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

SIGNED: To be effective as of the effective date on this                    
  day of                     , 2007.
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	TEMPLE-INLAND INC.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	FORESTAR REAL ESTATE GROUP INC.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	GUARANTY FINANCIAL GROUP INC.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	 

Page 15 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


EXHIBIT A
FORM OF SCHEDULE

Schedule #

Provider:

Purchaser:

General Description of Transition Services:

Description and Limitations on Scope:

Description and Limitations on Scale:

Deliverables:

Deliveries (include scheduled times and places):

Charge (best estimate of actual cost:

Terms of Payment  To be billed quarterly, in advance, payable on receipt 
of invoice:

Service Period Start Date:

Service Period End Date:

Provision for Extension of Service Period:

Information to Be Provided by Purchaser:

Storage:

Special Terms:

Special Conditions:

Basic Assumptions (include principal assumptions underlying agreement):

Provider Contact Person:

Purchaser Contact Person:

SIGNED: To be effective as of the effective date on this                    
  day of                     , 2007.

Page 16 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


EXHIBIT B

GLOSSARY

For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings:

Additional Services has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.

Affiliate means a Person that Person controls, is controlled by, or is 
under common control with such other Person; a Person shall be deemed to 
control another Person if that Person has the right to vote 50 percent or 
more of the voting interests of such other Person or is entitled to receive 
50 percent or more of the net profits of such other Person or is otherwise 
able to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such 
other Person.

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble to the Agreement and 
includes all Exhibits and Schedules to the Agreement.

Companies means Temple-Inland, Forestar and Financial Services.

Company means one of them as the term is used.

Confidential Information has the meaning given that term in Section 4.1, 
as limited by Section 4.2.

Distribution has the meaning set forth in the Recitations to the 
Agreement.

Effective Date means [to be added]

Exhibits means all of the exhibits referenced in the Agreement.

Financial Services has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this 
Agreement.

Financial Services Group means Financial Services and its Affiliates.

Forestar has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

Forestar Group means Forestar and its Affiliates.

Glossary means the lists of defined terms included in this Exhibit B.

Group means the group of affiliated entities associated with a particular 
Company. See the definitions of Group specific to each Company.

Information means information, whether or not patentable or 
copyrightable, in written, oral, electronic or other tangible or intangible 
forms, stored in any medium, including studies, reports, records, books, 
contracts, instruments, surveys, discoveries, ideas, concepts, know-how, 
techniques, designs, specifications, drawings, blueprints, diagrams, 
models, prototypes, samples, flow charts, data, computer data, disks, 
diskettes, tapes, computer programs or other software, marketing plans, 
customer names, and other technical, financial, employee or business 
information or data, but excludes, except for Section 4.1, communications 
by or to attorneys (including attorney-client privileged communications), 
memos and other materials prepared by attorneys or under their direction 
(including attorney work product), all of which Information from or to 
attorneys is designated as Confidential Information for the purposes of 
Section 4.1.

Initial Services has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.

Omitted Services has the meaning set forth in Section 1.3.

Party means in context any Person contractually bound by this Agreement, 
including Persons bound by being designated as a Provider or a Purchaser in 
a Schedule.

Person means any natural person, corporation, general partnership, 
limited partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability 
company, proprietorship, other business organization, trust, or 
governmental or regulatory authority, body, corporation or entity.

Prime Rate means the rate that                      (or its successor or 
another major money center commercial bank agreed to by the                 
    ) announces as its prime lending rate, as in effect from time to time.

Provider means, with respect to any Transition Services, the entity or 
entities identified on the applicable Schedule as the Provider.

Page 17 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Purchaser means, with respect to any Transition Services, the entity or 
entities identified on the applicable Schedule as the Purchaser.

Schedule has the meaning set forth in the Recitations to this Agreement.

Service Period means, with respect to any Transition Services, the period 
commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the date 
the Purchaser terminates the provision of the Transition Services, or (ii) 
the termination date specified with respect to the Transition Services on 
the applicable Schedule, unless extended pursuant to this Agreement. 
Service Periods will be expressed in monthly units for purposes of charges.

Taxes means all United States federal, state, local, foreign, and other 
net income, gross income, gross receipts, social security, sales, use, ad 
valorem, franchise, capital gains, withholding, payroll, employment, 
unemployment, social security, excise, property, and any and all other 
taxes, assessments, fees or other similar governmental charges, whether 
computed on a separate, consolidated unitary, combined or any other basis 
together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax, estimated 
taxes or additional amounts with respect thereto.

Third Party means any Person other than a Party and the Affiliates of 
that Party as of the date of execution of this Agreement.

Temple-Inland has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this 
Agreement.

Temple-Inland Group means Temple-Inland and its Affiliates.

Transition Services has the meaning set forth in the Recitations to this 
Agreement and includes the Initial Services, Omitted Services and the 
Additional Services.

Transfer Taxes means all sales, use, goods and services, harmonized 
sales, transfer, reporting, recording, filing, and other similar fees, 
taxes and charges arising out of or in connection with the transactions 
effected pursuant to this Agreement.

Page 18 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


EXHIBIT C

DISPUTE RESOLUTION

     (a) Disputes. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any 
dispute, controversy or claim, counterclaim, or cross claim, whether based 
on contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal 
theory between Companies or between a Provider and a Purchaser (a Dispute
), that arises out of or relates to this Agreement or any obligations or 
Transition Services to be provided under this Agreement, shall be resolved 
in accordance with the procedures described in this Exhibit C. Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the matters subject to 
arbitration shall include the following: (i) any claim of breach of this 
Agreement, (ii) any question regarding the existence, validity or 
termination of this Agreement, (iii) any claim that this Agreement or any 
portion of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or otherwise voidable, (iv) 
any dispute or claim as to whether a matter is arbitrable under this 
provision, (v) any and all claims and rights arising under local, state or 
federal laws, statutes, ordinances or regulations, (vi) any dispute 
concerning the power and authority to decide if a class action is 
authorized, (vi) any dispute or claim in a class action; and (vii) any 
dispute or claim resulting or growing out of activities performed or 
obligations imposed under this Agreement, regardless of whether the dispute 
or claim sounds in contract, tort, strict liability or a statutory cause of 
action.

     (b) Internal Dispute Resolution. In the case of a Dispute, the 
affected Parties hereby establish an internal hierarchy to facilitate 
resolution of any Dispute as set forth below:

     (i) Upon written request of any of the Companies, Provider or 
Purchaser, each affected Party shall appoint a designated representative 
whose task it shall be to meet for the purpose of endeavoring to resolve 
such Dispute. Prior to any initial meeting, the designated representative 
shall provide to each Party written notice of any Dispute, which notice 
shall include a detailed description of the claim or dispute sufficient to 
allow a full analysis and complete response. Each affected Party shall 
provide its response to any claim or dispute in advance of the first 
meeting between or among designated representatives. The designated 
representatives shall meet as often as the affected Parties reasonably deem 
necessary to discuss the Dispute in an effort to resolve the Dispute 
without the necessity of any further proceeding. For the purposes of this 
Exhibit C, the term affected Party means all Parties to this Agreement 
who must be joined as a party to an action under Rule 39(a) of the Texas 
Rules of Civil Procedure.

     (ii) Each of the affected Parties shall negotiate in an attempt to 
resolve the Dispute for a period of not greater than 30 days after notice 
of the Dispute is received by the affected Parties.

     (iii) If the affected Parties are unable to resolve any Dispute as 
contemplated by this provision (b), the dispute shall be submitted to 
mandatory and binding arbitration at the election of any of the affected 
Parties.

     (c) Mandatory Arbitration.

     (i) The arbitration proceeding shall be conducted by three arbitrators 
under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration 
Association in effect at the time demand for arbitration is made, and under 
the Federal Arbitration Act in effect at the time demand for arbitration is 
made. The affected Parties may agree to use one arbitrator under this 
provision (c), when applicable. Judgment on the award of the arbitrators 
may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction.

     (ii) The arbitration shall take place in the City of Austin, Travis 
County, Texas and the proceeding shall be conducted in the English 
language.

     (iii) The governing law for the arbitration shall be the law of the 
State of Texas.

     (iv) An award of the arbitrators shall be exclusive, final and binding 
on all affected Parties, their successors and assigns and subject to 
judicial review only under the limited circumstances described in the 
Federal Arbitration Act.

Page 19 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (v) The litigation of any issues relating to vacating, modifying, or 
correcting the award or claims about the arbitrator or the arbitration 
shall be brought in the courts in Travis County, Texas.

     (vi) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the 
claim submitted to arbitration is for actual damages of $100,000 or less, 
then a single arbitrator shall decide the matter and all other provisions 
hereof shall be construed in a manner consistent with the use of one 
arbitrator.

     (vii) No damages excluded under Section 6.1 of the Agreement may be 
awarded by the arbitrator(s). Any other remedy allowed by applicable law 
shall be available, including temporary relief while matter is pending in 
arbitration.

     (viii) Failure to demand arbitration within two years of the date that 
an affected Party knows or should have known of the facts upon which a 
claim is based shall be a waiver of the claim and of the right to submit 
the claim to arbitration. Whether a claim and the right to arbitrate the 
claim have been waived may be determined by arbitration.

     (ix) The arbitrators shall make an award within 90 days of the date 
the receipt of evidence by the arbitrators is closed.

     (x) Any affected Party may invoke arbitration by demanding arbitration 
in a notice to the other affected Parties and any required submission of 
the matter to the American Arbitration Association.

     (xi) The arbitrators shall permit discovery and rule on matters of 
confidentiality as they determine is appropriate under the circumstances.

     (xii) If an affected Party desires to have a transcript of the 
arbitration proceeding, that affected Party must give notice to the 
arbitrators and to the other affected Parties not less than ten days before 
the hearing (counting back from the date of the hearing commences). If both 
affected Parties give notice, then the affected Parties shall arrange for 
one reporter and split equally the cost of the reporter and one copy of the 
transcript for each party and one original and two copies for the 
arbitrators (unless there is only one arbitrator, in which case the cost of 
one original for the arbitrator).

Notwithstanding these arbitration provisions, the affected Parties may seek 
extraordinary relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to enforce this 
Agreement or any provision thereof or to maintain the status quo pending 
dispute resolution or as otherwise permitted by the terms of this 
Agreement.

Page 20 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


EXHIBIT D

NOTICE OF EARLY TERMINATION

For Schedule #                     

TO: General Counsel of                                         (Name of 
entity to Receive Notice)

The undersigned Provider or Purchaser hereby gives notice to the other 
Party to the above referenced Schedule that the Transition Service listed 
on the Schedule shall end on                      (termination date).

 

 

Date of Notice

 

 

Name of Entity Giving Notice

 

 

Authorized Signature

Page 21 of 21