 EX-10.2 3 a07-28747_1ex10d2.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2
 
EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
THIS EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement) dated effective as of 
November 1, 2007 (Effective Date), is made and entered into by and 
between EMRISE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (Employer), and GRAHAM 
JEFFERIES (Executive).
 
R E C I T A L S
 
Employer desires that the Executive enter into an employment relationship 
with Employer in order to provide the necessary leadership and senior 
management skills that are important to the success of Employer. Employer 
believes that obtaining the Executives services as an employee of Employer 
and the benefits of his business experience are of material importance to 
Employer and Employers stockholders.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Executives employment by Employer and 
the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Employer and Executive intend 
by this Agreement to specify the terms and conditions of Executives 
employment relationship with Employer.
 
1.                                       General Duties of Employer and 
Executive.
 
(a)                                  Employer agrees to employ Executive 
and Executive agrees to accept employment by Employer and to serve Employer 
in an executive capacity upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
Employer hereby employs Executive as Executive Vice President and Chief 
Operating Officer of Employer as of the Effective Date, reporting to the 
President and Chief Executive Officer of Employer (the CEO). Executives 
duties and responsibilities shall be those normally assumed by the 
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of a publicly-owned 
company similarly situated to Employer, as well as such other or additional 
duties, as may from time-to-time be assigned to Executive by the CEO. Such 
other or additional duties shall be consistent with the senior executive 
functions set forth above.
 
(b)                                 While employed hereunder, Executive 
shall use his reasonable endeavors to obey the lawful directions of the 
CEO. Executive shall also use his reasonable endeavors to promote the 
interests of Employer and to maintain and to promote the reputation of 
Employer. While employed hereunder, Executive shall devote his full 
business time, efforts, skills and attention to the affairs of Employer and 
faithfully perform his duties and responsibilities hereunder.
 
(c)                                  While this Agreement is in effect, 
Executive may from time to time engage in any activities that do not 
compete directly with Employer, provided that such activities do not 
interfere with his performance of his duties. Executive shall be permitted 
to (i) invest his personal assets as a passive investor in such form or 
manner as Executive may choose in his discretion, (ii) participate in 
various charitable efforts, and (iii) serve as a member of the Board of 
Directors of other corporations which are not competitors of Employer.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
2.                                       Compensation and Benefits.
 
(a)                                  As compensation for his services to 
Employer, Employer, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Emrise 
Electronics, Ltd. (Emrise Electronics), shall pay to Executive an annual 
base salary of £152,800, payable in equal semimonthly payments in 
accordance with the Employers regular payroll policy for salaried 
employees (the Salary). The Compensation Committee (the Compensation 
Committee) of the Board of Directors of Employer (the Board) shall 
perform an annual review of Executives Salary based on a review of 
Executives performance of his duties prepared by Employers President and 
CEO and  Employers other compensation policies. The Compensation Committee 
may, at its sole discretion, increase (but not decrease) the Salary at any 
time, and from time to time.
 
(b)                                 In addition to the foregoing Salary, 
Executive shall be eligible for an annual incentive bonus (Incentive 
Bonus) based on criteria determined by the Compensation Committee, at its 
sole discretion. The Incentive Bonus shall be payable annually in cash, 
following the date on which Employers Form 10-K for the previous fiscal 
year is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
(c)                                  Upon Executives furnishing to 
Employer customary and reasonable documentary support (such as receipts or 
paid bills) evidencing costs and expenses incurred by him in the 
performance of his services and duties hereunder (including, without 
limitation, travel and entertainment and cellular telephone expenses) and 
containing sufficient information to establish the amount, date, place and 
essential character of the expenditure, Executive shall be reimbursed for 
such costs and expenses in accordance with Employers normal expense 
reimbursement policy.
 
(d)                                 Executive shall be entitled to 
participate in the medical (including hospitalization), dental, life and 
disability insurance plans, to the extent offered by Employer, and in 
amounts consistent with the Employers policy, for other senior executive 
officers of Employer, with premiums for all such insurance for Executive 
and his dependents to be paid by Employer, subject to customary employee 
contributions.
 
(e)                                  Executive shall have the right to 
participate in any additional compensation, benefit, pension, stock option, 
stock purchase, 401(k) or other plan or arrangement of Employer now or 
hereafter existing for the benefit of other senior executive officers of 
Employer, to the extent offered by Employer, and in amounts consistent with 
Employers policy in the U.K.
 
(f)                                    Executive shall be entitled to 
twenty-five (25) working days paid vacation in each calendar year in 
addition to public holidays in the United Kingdom. Executive shall also be 
entitled to other paid or unpaid leaves of absence consistent with 
Employers normal policies for other senior executive officers of Employer 
or as otherwise approved by the Board. Executive shall be entitled to 
accrue vacation time for one year. If he does not take the accrued vacation 
during the next year, he shall be paid for the unused vacation at his 
Salary rate then in effect.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(g)                                 Executive shall be provided a monthly 
car allowance in the amount of at least £460.
 
(h)                                 Employer shall purchase and maintain in 
effect a directors and officers liability insurance policy with a minimum 
limit of liability of $10,000,000 and shall enter into an indemnification 
agreement with Executive upon terms and conditions mutually acceptable to 
Employer and Executive.
 
3.                                       Preservation of Business; 
Fiduciary Responsibility.
 
Executive shall use his reasonable endeavors to preserve the business and 
organization of Employer and to preserve the business relations of 
Employer. So long as the Executive is employed by Employer, Executive shall 
observe and fulfill proper standards of fiduciary responsibility attendant 
upon his service and office.
 
4.                                       No Specified Term; Employment at 
Will.
 
The employment relationship between Employer and Executive pursuant to this 
Agreement is not for any specific term, but may be terminated with or 
without cause, by Employer or by Executive, at any time and for any reason, 
subject to the rights and obligations of Employer and Executive as set 
forth in this Agreement. Any modification to the nature of the at-will 
employment relationship between Employer and Executive must be made in 
writing, and must be signed by Executive and by Employer.
 
5.                                       Termination.
 
Employer or Executive may terminate Executives employment under this 
Agreement at any time, but only on the following terms:
 
(a)                                  Employer may terminate Executives 
employment under this Agreement at any time for Due Cause (as defined in 
Appendix I attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference) upon 
the good faith determination by the Board that Due Cause exists for the 
termination of the employment relationship.
 
(b)                                 If Executive is incapacitated by 
accident, sickness or otherwise so as to render Executive mentally or 
physically incapable of performing the services required under Section 1 
of this Agreement for a period of 180 consecutive days, this Agreement 
shall terminate immediately; provided, however, that Executive shall remain 
an employee of Emrise Electronics Ltd. and shall be entitled to 
remuneration in an amount equal to the amount paid under Emrise Electronics 
Ltd.s permanent health scheme, subject to the provisions of  Section 6(b)
.
 
(c)                                  This Agreement shall terminate 
immediately upon Executives death, subject to the provisions of Section 
6(b).
 
(d)                                 Subject to the provisions of Section 
6(c), Employer may terminate Executives employment under this Agreement at 
any time for any reason whatsoever, even without Due Cause, by giving a 
written notice of termination to Executive, in which case the employment 
relationship shall terminate immediately upon the giving of the notice. If 
Employer
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
terminates the employment of Executive other than (i) pursuant to Section 
5(a) for Due Cause, (ii) due to incapacity pursuant to Section 5(b) or due 
to Executives death pursuant to Section 5(c), or (iii) Executives 
retirement, then the action by Employer, unless consented to in writing by 
Executive, shall be deemed to be a constructive termination by Employer of 
Executives employment (a Constructive Termination), and, in that event, 
Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation set forth in 
Section 6(c).
 
(e)                                  Executive may terminate this Agreement 
at any time for Good Reason (as defined in Appendix I attached hereto and 
incorporated herein by this reference) within 30 days after Executive 
learns of the event or condition constituting Good Reason and, in that 
event, shall be entitled to receive the compensation set forth in Section 
6(c).
 
6.                                       Effect of Termination.
 
(a)                                  If the employment relationship is 
terminated (i) by Employer for Due Cause pursuant to Section 5(a), or (ii) 
by Executive breaching this Agreement by refusing to continue his 
employment, or (iii) by Executive without Good Reason, then all 
compensation and benefits shall cease as of the date of termination, other 
than: (A) those benefits that are provided by retirement and benefit plans 
and programs specifically adopted and approved by Employer for Executive 
that are earned and vested by the date of termination; (B) Executives pro 
rata annual Salary (as in effect as of the date of termination, payable in 
the manner as prescribed in the first sentence of Section 2(a)) through the 
date of termination; (C) any stock options which have vested as of the date 
of termination pursuant to the terms of the agreement granting the options; 
and (D) accrued vacation as required by applicable law.
 
(b)                                 If Executives employment relationship 
is terminated due to Executives incapacity pursuant to Section 5(b) or due 
to Executives death pursuant to Section 5(c), Executive or Executives 
estate or legal representative, shall be entitled to (i) those benefits 
that are provided by retirement and benefits plans and programs 
specifically adopted and approved by Employer for Executive that are earned 
and vested at the date of termination, (ii) a prorated Incentive Bonus, 
payable in the manner as prescribed in the second sentence of Section 5(b) 
(to the extent Executive would otherwise be eligible) for the fiscal year 
in which incapacity or death occurs, and (iii) a lump-sum cash payment, 
payable within ten (10) business days of separation from service due to 
death or disability in an amount equal to one (1) year of Executives then 
current annual Salary as set forth in Section 2(a), which amount shall be 
net of all then applicable federal, state and local taxes payable by 
Executive relating to such payment (said payment taking into consideration 
the full gross-up effect of additional taxes payable with respect to tax 
payments).
 
(c)                                  In the event of a termination of this 
Agreement as a result of Constructive Termination, or by Executive for Good 
Reason, then Employer shall:
 
        (i)                                     pay to Executive on the
        date of termination his Salary in effect as of the date of
        termination through the end of the month during which the
        termination occurs plus credit for any vacation earned but not
        taken;
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (ii)                                  pay to Executive on the first
        business day following the expiration of the revocation period
        described in Section 6(c)(iv) (provided Executive has not tendered
        his revocation) as severance pay an amount equal to two (2) times
        Executives then current annual Salary, which amount shall be net
        of all then applicable taxes payable by Executive relating to such
        payment (said payment taking into consideration the full gross-up
        effect of additional taxes payable with respect to tax payments);
 
        (iii)                               pay to Executive on the date of
        termination the prorated Incentive Bonus, if any, for the fiscal
        year during which termination occurs; and
 
        (iv)                              maintain, at Employers expense,
        in full force and effect, for Executives continued benefit, all
        medical and life insurance to which Executive was entitled
        immediately prior to the date of termination (or at the election of
        Executive in the event of a Change in Control, immediately prior to
        the date of the Change in Control) until the earliest of (i) 2
        years or (ii) the date or dates that Executives continued
        participation in Employers medical and/or life insurance plans, as
        applicable, is not possible under the terms of the plans (the
        earliest of (i) and (ii) is referred to herein as the Benefits
        Date). If Employers medical and/or life insurance plans do not
        allow Executives continued participation in the plan or plans,
        then Employer will pay to Executive, in monthly installments, from
        the date on which Executives participation in the medical and/or
        life insurance, as applicable, is prohibited until the date that is
        twenty-four (24) months after the date of termination, the monthly
        premium or premiums which had been payable by Employer with respect
        to Executive for the discontinued medical and/or life insurance, as
        applicable.
 
(d)                                 Executive shall be entitled to the 
payments and benefits described in subsections 6(c)(ii) and (iv) only if 
Executive signs an appropriate separation agreement in a form acceptable to 
Employer, which includes a release of all claims against Employer to the 
fullest extent permitted by law, such agreement actually enters into effect 
following any revocation period required by law, and Executive complies 
fully with any continuing obligations under this Agreement.
 
(e)                                  Executive shall not be required to 
mitigate damages or the amount of any payment provided for under this 
Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of 
any payment provided for under this Agreement be reduced by any 
compensation earned by Executive as the result of employment by another 
Employer after the date of termination, or otherwise.
 
(f)                                    Except as expressly provided herein, 
the provisions of this Agreement, and any payment or benefit provided for 
hereunder, shall not reduce any amounts otherwise payable, or in any way 
diminish Executives existing rights, or rights which would accrue solely 
as a result of the passage of time, under any Employer Benefit Plan, 
employment agreement or other contract, plan or arrangement.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(g)                                 The amount of any payment provided 
under this Agreement shall not be reduced by reason of any present value 
calculation.
 
(h)                                 Upon termination of this Agreement, 
compensation and benefits shall be paid to the Executive as set forth in 
the applicable subsection of this Section 6 and stock options granted to 
Executive, if any, shall be governed by the provisions of all stock option 
agreements between Employer and Executive. In the event of a termination of 
this Agreement by Executive for Good Reason, all other rights and benefits 
Executive may have under the employee and/or executive benefit plans and 
arrangements of Employer generally shall be determined in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of those plans and arrangements.
 
7.                                       Payment Upon Change in Control.
 
Immediately preceding the occurrence of a Change in Control (as defined 
in Appendix I attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference), 
Employer shall pay to Employee, in immediately available funds, an amount 
equal to two (2) times Executives then current annual Salary, which amount 
shall be net of all then applicable federal, state and local taxes payable 
by Executive relating to such payment (said payment taking into 
consideration the full gross-up effect of additional taxes payable with 
respect to tax payments).
 
8.                                       Covenants of Confidentiality, 
Nondisclosure and Noncompetition.
 
(a)                                  During the term of this Agreement, 
Employer will provide to Executive certain confidential and proprietary 
information owned by Employer as more fully described below. Executive 
acknowledges that he occupies or will occupy a position of trust and 
confidence with Employer, and that Employer would be irreparably damaged if 
Executive were to breach the covenants set forth in this Section 8(a). 
Accordingly, Executive agrees that he will not, without the prior written 
consent of Employer, at any time during the term of this Agreement or any 
time thereafter, except as may be required by competent legal authority or 
as required by Employer to be disclosed in the course of performing 
Executives duties under this Agreement for Employer, use or disclose to 
any person, firm or other legal entity, any confidential records, secrets 
or information obtained by Executive during his employment hereunder 
related to Employer or any parent, subsidiary or affiliated person or 
entity (collectively, Confidential Information). Confidential Information 
shall include, without limitation, information about Employers Inventions 
(as defined in Section 9(a)), customer lists and product pricing, data, 
know-how, formulae, processes, ideas, past, current and planned product 
development, market studies, computer software and programs, database and 
network technologies, strategic planning and risk management. Executive 
acknowledges and agrees that all Confidential Information of Employer 
and/or its affiliates will be received in confidence and as a fiduciary of 
Employer. Executive will exercise utmost diligence to protect and guard the 
Confidential Information.
 
(b)                                 Executive agrees that he will not, 
without the express written consent of the Board, take with him upon the 
termination of this Agreement, any document or paper, or any photocopy or 
reproduction or duplication thereof, relating to any Confidential 
Information.
 
(c)                                  Executive agrees that he will, upon 
the termination of his employment, return all Employers property including 
but not limited to Employer leased or owned vehicles,
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
mobile telephone, fuel card, personal computer, all documents, working 
papers, information whether stored on computer disc or otherwise, and all 
other records relating to Employer and its business. Executive agrees that 
he will confirm in writing that he has complied with this clause, if 
requested to do so by Employer, within seven (7) days of receipt of such a 
request.
 
(d)                                 Executive agrees that, while Executive 
is employed with Employer, he will not, either directly or indirectly, have 
an interest in any business (whether as manager, operator, licensor, 
licensee, partner, 5% or greater equity holder, employee, consultant, 
director, advisor or otherwise) competitive with Employer or any of its 
business activities or solicit individuals or other entities that are 
customers or competitors of Employer. Executive further agrees that, for a 
period of twenty-four (24) months after the date of termination of this 
Agreement (the Restricted Period), Executive shall not use Employers 
trade secrets, either directly or indirectly, to compete in any way with 
the business of Employer and will not solicit individuals or other entities 
that are customers or competitors of Employer during the six-month period 
immediately prior to the date of termination of this Agreement, to 
terminate or change their contracts or business relations with Employer. 
Executive also agrees that, for the Restricted Period, he will not, either 
directly or indirectly, solicit any employee of Employer to terminate his 
employment with Employer.
 
(e)                                  For purposes of this Section 8, 
Employer shall include any of its subsidiaries or any other entity in 
which it holds a 50% or greater equity interest.
 
9.                                       Inventions.
 
(a)                                  Any and all inventions, product, 
discoveries, improvements, processes, formulae, manufacturing methods or 
techniques, designs or styles, software applications or programs 
(collectively, Inventions) made, developed or created by Executive, alone 
or in conjunction with others, during regular hours of work or otherwise, 
during the term of Executives employment with Employer and for a period of 
two years thereafter that may be directly or indirectly related to the 
business of, or tests being carried out by, Employer, or any of its 
parents, subsidiaries, shall be promptly disclosed by Executive to Employer 
and shall be Employers exclusive property. The following provisions of the 
California Labor Code shall supplement this Section 9(a):
 
SECTION 2870 OF THE CALIFORNIA LABOR CODE
 
        Application of Provisions Providing that Employee Shall Assign or
        Offer to Assign Rights in Invention to Employer.
 
        (a)                                  Any provision in an employment
        agreement which provides that an employee shall assign, or offer to
        assign, any of his or her rights in an invention to his or her
        employer shall not apply to an invention that the employee
        developed entirely on his or her own time without using employers
        equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information except
        for those inventions that either:
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
          (1)                                  Relate at the time of
          conception or reduction to practice of the invention to
          employers business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated
          research or development of employer; or
 
          (2)                                  Result from any work
          performed by the employee for employer.
 
        (b)                                 To the extent a provision in an
        employment agreement purports to require an employee to assign an
        invention otherwise excluded from being required to be assigned
        under subdivision (a), the provision is against the public policy
        of this state and is unenforceable.
 
(b)                                 Executive will, upon Employers request 
and without additional compensation, execute any documents necessary or 
advisable in the opinion of Employers legal counsel to direct the issuance 
of patents to Employer with respect to Inventions that are to be Employers 
exclusive property under this Section 9 or to vest in Employer title to the 
Inventions; the expense of securing any patent, however, shall be borne by 
Employer.
 
(c)                                  Executive will hold for Employers 
sole benefit any Invention that is to be Employers exclusive property 
under this Section 9 for which no patent is issued.
 
10.                                 No Violation.
 
Executive represents that he is not bound by any Agreement with any former 
employer or other party that would be violated by Executives employment by 
Employer.
 
11.                                 Injunctive Relief.
 
Executive acknowledges that the breach, or threatened breach, by Executive 
of the provisions of this Agreement shall cause irreparable harm to 
Employer, which harm cannot be fully redressed by the payment of damages to 
Employer. Accordingly, Employer shall be entitled, in addition to any other 
right or remedy it may have at law or in equity, to seek an injunction or 
restraining Executive from any violation or threatened violation of this 
Agreement.
 
12.                                 Dispute Resolution.
 
Subject to Section 11, all claims, disputes and other matters in 
controversy (dispute) arising, directly or indirectly out of or related 
to this Agreement, or the breach thereof, whether contractual or 
noncontractual, and whether during the term or after the termination of 
this Agreement, shall be resolved exclusively according to the procedures 
set forth in this Section 12, and not through resort to any judicial 
proceedings.
 
(a)                                  Neither party shall commence an 
arbitration proceeding pursuant to the provisions of Section 12(b) unless 
that party first gives a written notice (a Dispute Notice) to the other 
party setting forth the nature of the dispute. The parties shall attempt in 
good faith to resolve the dispute by mediation. If the dispute has not been 
resolved by mediation within 60
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
days after delivery of the Dispute Notice, then the dispute shall be 
determined by arbitration in accordance with Section 12(b).
 
(b)                                 Any dispute that is not settled by 
mediation as provided in Section 12(a) shall be resolved by arbitration 
under the Rules of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators (the Rules), 
which Rules are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference. The 
prevailing party in any such arbitration shall also be entitled to recover 
reasonable solicitors, accountants and experts fees and costs of suit in 
addition to any other relief awarded the prevailing party.
 
13.                                 Miscellaneous.
 
(a)                                  If any provisions contained in this 
Agreement is for any reason held to be totally invalid or unenforceable, 
such provision will be fully severable, and in lieu of such invalid or 
unenforceable provision there will be added automatically as part of this 
Agreement a provision as similar in terms as may be valid and enforceable.
 
(b)                                 All notices and other communications 
required or permitted hereunder or necessary or convenience in connection 
herewith shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when 
mailed by registered mail or certified mail, return receipt requested or 
hand delivered, as follows (provided that notice of change of address shall 
be deemed given only when received):
 
If to Employer:
 
EMRISE Corporation
 
 
9485 Haven Avenue
 
 
Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730
 
 
Attention: Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
If to Executive:
 
Graham Jefferies
 
 
7 Shephers Close, Fen Ditton
 
 
Cambs, CB5 8XJ, United Kingdom
 
or to such other names or addresses as Employer or Executive, as the case 
may be, shall designate by notice to the other party hereto in the manner 
specified in this Section 13(b).
 
(c)                                  This Agreement shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of Employer, its successors, legal representatives 
and assigns, and Executive, his heirs, executors, administrators, 
representatives, legatees and permitted assigns. Executive agrees that his 
rights and obligations hereunder are personal to him and may not be 
assigned without the express written consent of Employer. If Executive 
should die while any amounts are due to him pursuant to this Agreement, all 
such amounts shall be paid to Executives devisee, legatee or other 
designee, or if there be no such designee, to Executives estate. Employer 
will require any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by 
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all 
of the business and/or assets of Employer, by agreement in form and 
substance satisfactory to Executive and his legal counsel, expressly, 
absolutely and unconditionally to assume and agree to perform this 
Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that Employer would be 
required to perform each of them if no such succession or assignment had 
taken place. Any failure of Employer to obtain such Agreement prior to the 
effectiveness of any such succession or assignment shall be a material 
breach of this Agreement
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
and shall entitle Executive to terminate Executives employment for Good 
Reason. As used in this Agreement, Employer means EMRISE Corporation and 
any successor or assign to its business and/or assets which executes and 
delivers the Agreement provided for in this Section or which otherwise 
becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by 
operation of law. If at any time during the term of this Agreement 
Executive is employed by any company a majority of the voting securities of 
which is then owned by Employer, Employer as used in this Agreement shall 
in addition include that subsidiary company. In that event, Employer agrees 
that it shall pay or shall cause the subsidiary company to pay any amounts 
owed to Executive pursuant to this Agreement.
 
(d)                                 This Agreement replaces and merges all 
previous agreements and discussions relating to the same or similar subject 
matters between Executive and Employer with respect to the subject matter 
of this Agreement (other than any option agreement dated prior to the 
Effective Date between Executive and Employer), including without 
limitation that certain Executive Employment Agreement dated effective as 
of January 1, 2006 between Employer and Executive. This Agreement may not 
be modified in any respect by any verbal statement, representation or 
agreement made by any employee, officer, or representative of Employer or 
by any written agreement unless signed by an officer of Employer who is 
expressly authorized by Employer to execute that document.
 
(e)                                  The laws of the United Kingdom will 
govern the interpretation, validity and effect of this Agreement without 
regard to principles of conflicts of law, the place of execution or the 
place for performance thereof. All disputes, claims or proceedings between 
the parties relating to the validity construction or performance of this 
Agreement shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts 
of England to which the parties irrevocably submit.
 
(f)                                    Executive and Employer shall execute 
and deliver any and all additional instruments and agreements that may be 
necessary or proper to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.
 
(g)                                 The descriptive headings of the several 
sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not 
constitute a party of this Agreement.
 
(h)                                 This Agreement may be executed in one 
or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same 
Agreement.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(i)                                     Executive acknowledges that 
Executive has had the opportunity to read this Agreement and discuss it 
with advisors and legal counsel, if Executive has so chosen. Executive also 
acknowledges the importance of this Agreement and that Employer is relying 
on this Agreement in entering into an employment relationship with 
Executive.
 
The undersigned, intending to be legally bound, have executed this 
Agreement effective as of the date first written above.
 
 
EMRISE CORPORATION
 
 
 
 
Date: November 1, 2007
By:
 /s/ Carmine T. Oliva
 
 
Carmine T. Oliva,
 
 
President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
Date: November 1, 2007
 
/s/ Graham Jeffries
 
 
Graham Jefferies
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
APPENDIX I
 
Additional Definitions
 
For purposes of this Agreement, the following additional capitalized terms 
shall have the respective definitions set forth below:
 
Benefit Plan. The term Benefit Plan means any benefit plan or arrangement 
(including, without limitation, Employers profit sharing or stock option 
plans, if any, and medical, disability and life insurance plans) in which 
Executive is participating (or any other plans providing Executive with 
substantially similar benefits).
 
Change in Control. The term Change in Control means the occurrence of any 
of the following events:
 
    (a)                                  the acquisition, directly or
    indirectly, by any person or group (as those terms are defined in
    Sections 3(a)(9), 13(d), and 14(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules
    thereunder) of beneficial ownership (as determined pursuant to Rule
    13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities entitled to vote generally
    in the election of directors (voting securities) of Employer that
    represent 40% or more of the combined voting power of Employers then
    outstanding voting securities or 50% or more of the combined Fair
    Market Value of Employers then outstanding stock, other than:
     
        (i)                                     an acquisition by a trustee
        or other fiduciary holding securities under any employee benefit
        plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by Employer or any
        person controlled by Employer or by any employee benefit plan (or
        related trust) sponsored or maintained by Employer or any person
        controlled by Employer, or
         
        (ii)                                  an acquisition of voting
        securities by Employer or a corporation owned, directly or
        indirectly, by the stockholders of Employer in substantially the
        same proportions as their ownership of the stock of Employer.
         
    provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, an acquisition
    of Employers securities by Employer that (x) causes Employers voting
    securities beneficially owned by a person or group to represent 40% or
    more of the combined voting power of Employers then outstanding voting
    securities or (y) cause Employers stock beneficially owned by a person
    or group to represent 50% or more of the combined Fair Market Value of
    Employers then outstanding stock shall not be considered an
    acquisition by any person or group for purposes of this subsection (a); 
    provided, however, that if a person or group shall become the
    beneficial owner of 40% or more of the combined voting power of
    Employers then outstanding voting securities or 50% or more of the
    combined Fair Market Value of Employers then outstanding stock by
    reason of share acquisitions by Employer as described above and shall,
    after such share acquisitions by Employer, become the beneficial owner
    of any additional securities of Employer, then such acquisition shall
    constitute a Change in Control;
 
I-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (b)                                 the date a majority of members of
    the Board is replaced during any 12-month period by directors whose
    appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of
    the Board before the date of the appointment or election, but
    excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial
    assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened
    election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors
    or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or
    on behalf of a person other than the Board;
     
    (c)                                  the acquisition by any person or
    group (as those terms are defined in Sections 3(a)(9), 13(d), and
    14(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder), or combined
    acquisitions during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most
    recent acquisition by such person or group, of ownership of assets from
    Employer that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more
    than 40% of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of
    the corporation immediately before such acquisition; and
     
    (d)                                 stockholder approval of a complete
    liquidation or dissolution of Employer.
     
For purposes of subsection (a) above, the calculation of voting power shall 
be made as if the date of the acquisition were a record date for a vote of 
Employers stockholders, and for purposes of subsection (c) above, the 
calculation of voting power shall be made as if the date of the 
consummation of the transaction were a record date for a vote of Employers 
stockholders.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, there is no Change in Control event when 
there is a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the stockholders of 
the Company immediately after the transfer. A transfer of assets by 
Employer is not treated as a Change in Control if the assets are 
transferred to:
 
        (i)                                     a stockholder of Employer
        (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with
        respect to the stockholders stock;
 
        (ii)                                  an entity, 50% or more of the
        total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or
        indirectly, by Employer;
 
        (iii)                               a person or group that owns,
        directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the total value or voting
        power of all the outstanding stock of Employer; or
 
(iv)                              an entity, at least 50% of the total 
value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a 
person or group described in (iii) above.
 
Due Cause. The term Due Cause means any of the following events:
 
   (a)                                  any intentional misapplication by
   Executive of Employers funds or other material assets, or any other act
   of dishonesty injurious to Employer committed by Executive; or
 
   (b)                                 Executives conviction of (i) a
   felony or (ii) a crime involving moral turpitude; or
 
I-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
   (c)                                  Executives use or possession of
   any controlled substance or chronic abuse of alcoholic beverages, which
   use or possession the Board reasonably determines renders Executive
   unfit to serve in his capacity as a senior executive of Employer; or
    
   (d)                                 Executives breach, nonperformance
   or nonobservance of any of the terms of this Agreement, including but
   not limited to Executives failure to adequately perform his duties or
   comply with the reasonable directions of the Board.
    
Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing subsections (c) or (d) to the 
contrary, Employer shall not terminate Executive under subsections (c) or 
(d) unless the Board first provides Executive with a written memorandum 
describing in detail how his performance hereunder is not satisfactory and 
Executive is given a reasonable period of time (not less than 90 days) to 
remedy the unsatisfactory performance related by the Board to Executive in 
that memorandum. A determination of whether Executive has satisfactorily 
remedied the unsatisfactory performance shall be promptly made by a 
majority of the disinterested directors of the Board at the end of the 
period provided to Executive for remedy and their determination shall be 
final.
 
Exchange Act. The term Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended.
 
Fair Market-Value. The term Fair Market Value of a share of Employers 
common stock as of a given date shall be: (a) if the common stock is listed 
or admitted for trading on any United States national securities exchange 
and/or is quoted on a system of automated dissemination of quotations of 
securities prices in common use, the last reported sale price of a share of 
common stock on the principal exchange or system on which shares of common 
stock are trading on such date (or if no sale occurred on such date, then 
on the next preceding date on which a trade occurred); provided, however, 
that if the common stock is not a last sale reported security, then the 
Fair Market Value shall be the average of the closing high bid and low 
asked quotations for a share of common stock on such principal exchange or 
system on such date (or if bid and asked prices were not both reported on 
such date, then on the next preceding date on which bid and asked prices 
were both reported); provided further, that the sale, bid and asked prices 
referred to in this clause (a) shall be as reported in a newspaper of 
general circulation or by such other source as the Board deems reliable; or 
(b) if the common stock is not listed or admitted for trading on such an 
exchange or system on such date, the Fair Market Value of a share of common 
stock as established by the Board acting in good faith, taking into account 
all material information available with respect to the value of a share of 
common stock, including, without limitation, the value of the tangible and 
intangible assets of Employer, the present value of its anticipated future 
cash flows, the market value of the stock or equity interests in other 
entities engaged in substantially the same business, recent arms length 
transactions involving the sale of common stock, and other relevant factors 
such as control premiums or discounts for lack of marketability.
 
Good Reason. The term Good Reason as used in this Agreement shall mean 
any of the following which occur without Executives written consent and 
provided that Executive notifies Employers Board in writing of the event 
or condition constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days of the 
initial existence of such event or condition, that Executive intends
 
I-3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
to terminate his employment for such Good Reason, specifying the Good 
Reason, and Employer fails to remedy the specified event or condition 
within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice:
 
   (a)                                  the material diminution in
   Executives authority, duties, or responsibilities; a material
   diminution in Executives titles or offices; any removal of Executive
   from or any failure to reelect Executive to any of his positions as an
   officer, except in connection with the termination of his employment for
   disability; Retirement; Executives death; or by Executive other than
   for Good Reason;
    
    (b)                                 a purported reduction by Employer
    in Executives base salary amounting to a material diminution in such
    salary to an amount less than the greater of (i) the base salary as in
    effect on the date hereof or (ii) 10% below the base salary in effect
    at the time of the purported reduction; or
     
    (c)                                  a failure by Employer to comply
    with any material provision resulting in a material breach by Employer
    of this Agreement which has not been cured within 30 days after notice
    of noncompliance has been given by Executive to Employer, or if the
    failure is not capable of being cured in that time, a cure shall not
    have been diligently initiated by Employer within the 30 day period;
 
provided, however, that any of the foregoing actions shall not be 
considered to be Good Reason if the action is undertaken by Employer as a 
termination for Due Cause.
 
I-4
------------------------------------------------------------------------