 EX-10.17 7 dex1017.htm CRC HEALTH GROUP, INC. 2007 INCENTIVE PLAN
Exhibit 10.17


Adopted by Board and Shareholders
as of September 12, 2007


CRC HEALTH GROUP, INC.
2007 INCENTIVE PLAN
 
1. 	DEFINED TERMS

Exhibit A, which is incorporated by reference, defines the terms used in 
the Plan and sets forth certain operational rules related to those terms.
 
2. 	PURPOSE

The Plan has been established to advance the interests of the Company and 
its Affiliates by providing for the grant to Participants of Stock-based 
and other incentive Awards. Awards under the Plan are intended to align the 
incentives of the Companys management and investors and to improve the 
performance of the Company. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, 
Awards to be granted under this Plan are expected to be substantially in 
the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. Unless the Administrator determines 
otherwise, Awards under the Plan are intended to be exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, because they are 
exempt offers pursuant to a compensatory benefit plan in accordance with 
Rule 701. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, Awards granted 
under the Plan are intended to be exempt from qualification under Section 
25102(o) of the California Corporations Code.
 
3. 	ADMINISTRATION

The Administrator has discretionary authority, subject only to the express 
provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreements, to interpret the Plan; 
determine eligibility for and grant Awards; determine, modify or waive the 
terms and conditions of any Award; prescribe forms, rules and procedures; 
and otherwise do all things necessary to carry out the purposes of the 
Plan. Except as otherwise provided by the express terms of an Award 
Agreement, all determinations of the Administrator made under the Plan will 
be conclusive and will bind all parties.
 
4. 	LIMITS ON AWARDS UNDER THE PLAN

(a) Number of Shares. An aggregate maximum of 5,554,051 shares of Class A 
Common and 617,117 shares of Class L Common may be delivered in 
satisfaction of Awards under the Plan, the Companys 2006 Management 
Incentive Plan and the Companys 2006 Executive Incentive Plan. The number 
of shares of Stock delivered in satisfaction of Awards shall, for purposes 
of the preceding sentence, be determined net of shares of Stock withheld by 
the Company in payment of the exercise price of the Award or in 
satisfaction of tax withholding requirements with respect to the Award. The 
limits set forth in this Section 4(a) shall be construed to comply with 
Section 422 of the Code and the regulations thereunder. To the extent 
consistent with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code and regulations 
thereunder, Stock issued under awards of an acquired company that are 
converted, replaced or adjusted in connection with the acquisition shall 
not reduce the number of shares available for Awards under the Plan.


(b) Type of Shares. Stock delivered under the Plan may be authorized but 
unissued Stock or previously issued Stock acquired by the Company or any of 
its subsidiaries. No fractional shares of Stock will be delivered under the 
Plan.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. 	ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION

The Administrator will select Participants from among those key Employees 
and directors of, and consultants and advisors to, the Company or its 
Affiliates who, in the opinion of the Administrator, are in a position to 
make a significant contribution to the success of the Company and its 
Affiliates. Eligibility for ISOs is limited to employees of the Company or 
of a parent corporation or subsidiary corporation of the Company as 
those terms are defined in Section 424 of the Code.
 
6. 	RULES APPLICABLE TO AWARDS

(a) All Awards

(1) Award Provisions. The Administrator will determine the terms of all 
Awards, subject to the limitations provided herein, and shall furnish to 
each Participant an Award Agreement setting forth the terms applicable to 
the Participants Award. By entering into an Award Agreement, the 
Participant agrees to the terms of the Award and of the Plan, to the extent 
not inconsistent with the express terms of the Award Agreement. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, awards of an 
acquired company that are converted, replaced or adjusted in connection 
with the acquisition may contain terms and conditions that are inconsistent 
with the terms and conditions specified herein, as determined by the 
Administrator.


(2) Transferability. During the lifetime of the Participant, an Award shall 
be exercisable only by the Participant or the Participants guardian or 
legal representative. No Award shall be assignable or transferable by the 
Participant, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permitted by the 
Administrator, in its discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement 
evidencing such Award, an Award (except for an ISO which shall only be 
assignable pursuant to the first two sentences of this Section 6(a)(2)) 
shall be assignable or transferable subject to the applicable limitations, 
if any, described in Section 260.140.41 of Title 10 of the California Code 
of Regulations, Rule 701 under the Securities Act, and the General 
Instructions to Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act.


(3) Vesting, Etc. The Administrator may determine the time or times at 
which an Award will vest or become exercisable and the terms on which an 
Award requiring exercise will remain exercisable; provided, however, that 
no Award shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years after 
the effective date of grant of such Award. Without limiting the foregoing, 
the Administrator may at any time accelerate the vesting or exercisability 
of an Award, regardless of any adverse or potentially adverse tax 
consequences resulting from such acceleration. Unless the Administrator 
expressly provides otherwise, however, the following rules will apply if a 
Participants Employment ceases: Immediately upon the cessation of 
Employment, an Award requiring exercise will cease to be exercisable and 
will terminate, and all other Awards to the extent not already vested will 
be forfeited, except that:

(A) subject to (B) and (C) below, all Stock Options and other Awards
 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
requiring exercise held by the Participant or the Participants permitted 
transferees, if any, immediately prior to the cessation of the 
Participants Employment, to the extent then exercisable, will remain 
exercisable for the shorter of (i) a period of three months or (ii) the 
period ending on the latest date on which such Award could have been 
exercised without regard to this Section 6(a)(3), and will thereupon 
terminate;

(B) all Stock Options and other Awards requiring exercise held by a 
Participant or the Participants permitted transferees, if any, immediately 
prior to the Participants death or disability, to the extent then 
exercisable, will remain exercisable for the shorter of (i) the one year 
period ending with the first anniversary of the Participants death or 
disability, as the case may be, or (ii) the period ending on the latest 
date on which such Award could have been exercised without regard to this 
Section 6(a)(3), and will thereupon terminate; and

(C) all Stock Options and other Awards requiring exercise held by a 
Participant or the Participants permitted transferees, if any, immediately 
prior to the cessation of the Participants Employment will immediately 
terminate upon such cessation if such cessation of Employment has resulted 
in connection with an act or failure to act constituting Cause.


(4) Taxes. The Administrator will make such provision for the withholding 
of taxes as it deems necessary. The Administrator may, but need not, hold 
back shares of Stock from an Award or permit a Participant to tender 
previously owned shares of Stock in satisfaction of tax withholding 
requirements (but not in excess of the applicable minimum statutory 
withholding rate).


(5) Rights Limited. Nothing in the Plan will be construed as giving any 
person the right to continued Employment with the Company or its 
Affiliates, or any rights as a stockholder except as to shares of Stock 
actually issued under the Plan. The loss of potential appreciation in 
Awards will not constitute an element of damages in the event of 
termination of Employment for any reason, even if the termination is in 
violation of an obligation of the Company or its Affiliate to the 
Participant.


(6) Stockholders Agreement. Unless otherwise specifically provided, all 
Awards issued under the Plan and all Stock issued thereunder will be 
subject to the Stockholders Agreement.


(7) Section 409A. Awards under the Plan are intended either to be exempt 
from the rules of Section 409A of the Code or to satisfy those rules, and 
the Plan and such Awards shall be construed accordingly. Granted Awards may 
be modified at any time, in the Administrators discretion, so as to 
increase the likelihood of exemption from or compliance with the rules of 
Section 409A of the Code.


(b) Awards Requiring Exercise

(1) Time And Manner Of Exercise. Unless the Administrator expressly 
provides otherwise, an Award requiring exercise by the holder will not be 
deemed to have been exercised until the Administrator receives a notice of 
exercise (in form acceptable to the
 
-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Administrator) signed by the appropriate person and accompanied by any 
payment required under the Award. If the Award is exercised by any person 
other than the Participant, the Administrator may require satisfactory 
evidence that the person exercising the Award has the right to do so.


(2) Exercise Price. The Administrator will determine the exercise price, if 
any, of each Award requiring exercise. Unless the Administrator determines 
otherwise, and in all events in the case of a Stock Option (except as 
otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 7(b)(1) hereof), the exercise price 
of an Award requiring exercise will not be less than the fair market value 
of the Stock subject to the Award, determined as of the date of grant, and 
in the case of an ISO granted to a ten-percent shareholder within the 
meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code, the exercise price will not be 
less than 110% of the fair market value of the Stock subject to the Award, 
determined as of the date of grant.


(3) Payment Of Exercise Price. Where the exercise of an Award is to be 
accompanied by payment, the Administrator may determine the required or 
permitted forms of payment, subject to the following: (a) all payments will 
be by cash or check acceptable to the Administrator, or (b) if so permitted 
by the Administrator, (i) through the delivery of shares of Stock that have 
a fair market value equal to the exercise price, except where payment by 
delivery of shares would adversely affect the Companys results of 
operations under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or where payment 
by delivery of shares outstanding for less than six months would require 
application of securities laws relating to profit realized on such shares, 
(ii) at such time, if any, as the Stock is publicly traded, through a 
broker-assisted exercise program acceptable to the Administrator, (iii) by 
other means acceptable to the Administrator, or (iv) by any combination of 
the foregoing permissible forms of payment. The delivery of shares in 
payment of the exercise price under clause (b)(i) above may be accomplished 
either by actual delivery or by constructive delivery through attestation 
of ownership, subject to such rules as the Administrator may prescribe.


(4) ISOs. No ISO may be granted under the Plan after August [29], 2017, but 
ISOs previously granted may extend beyond that date.


(5) Stock Options etc. Except as determined by the Administrator, no Stock 
Option shall be exercisable as to Shares of a single class but instead 
shall be exercisable only as to Units.


(c) Awards Not Requiring Exercise

Awards of Restricted Stock and Unrestricted Stock, whether delivered 
outright or under Awards that do not require exercise, may be made in 
exchange for such lawful consideration, including services, as the 
Administrator determines.
 
7. 	EFFECT OF CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS

(a) Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement:

(1) Assumption or Substitution. In the event of a Corporate Transaction in 
which there is an acquiring or surviving entity, the Administrator may, 
unless the Administrator
 
-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
determines that doing so is inappropriate or unfeasible, provide for the 
continuation or assumption of some or all outstanding Awards, or for the 
grant of new awards in substitution therefor, by the acquiror or survivor 
or any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with the 
acquiror or survivor, in each case on such terms and subject to such 
conditions (including vesting or other restrictions) as the Administrator 
determines are appropriate. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, 
the continuation or assumption shall be done on terms and conditions 
consistent with Section 409A of the Code.


(2) Acceleration of Certain Awards. In the event of a Corporate Transaction 
(whether or not there is an acquiring or surviving entity) in which there 
is no assumption or substitution as to some or all outstanding Awards, the 
Administrator may provide (unless the Administrator determines otherwise, 
on terms and conditions consistent with Section 409A of the Code) for 
treating as satisfied any vesting condition on any such Award on a basis 
that gives the holder of the Award a reasonable opportunity, as determined 
by the Administrator, following exercise of the Award or the issuance of 
the shares, as the case may be, to participate as a stockholder in the 
Corporate Transaction.


(3) Termination of Awards. Except as otherwise provided in an Award 
Agreement, each Award (unless assumed pursuant to the Section 7(a)(1)), 
will terminate upon consummation of the Corporate Transaction.


(4) Additional Limitations. Any share of Stock delivered pursuant to 
Section 7(a)(2) above with respect to an Award may, in the discretion of 
the Administrator, contain such restrictions, if any, as the Administrator 
deems appropriate to reflect any performance or other vesting conditions to 
which the Award was subject and that did not lapse in connection with the 
Corporate Transaction. In the case of Restricted Stock, the Administrator 
may require that any amounts delivered, exchanged or otherwise paid in 
respect of Stock in connection with the Corporate Transaction be placed in 
escrow or otherwise made subject to such restrictions as the Administrator 
deems appropriate to carry out the intent of the Plan.


(b) Changes In, Distributions With Respect To And Redemptions Of The Stock

(1) Basic Adjustment Provisions. In the event of any stock dividend or 
other similar distribution of stock or other securities of the Company, 
stock split or combination of shares (including a reverse stock split), 
recapitalization, conversion, reorganization, consolidation, split-up, 
spin-off, combination, merger, exchange of stock, redemption or repurchase 
of all or part of the shares of any class of stock or any change in the 
capital structure of the Company or an Affiliate or other transaction or 
event, the Administrator shall, as appropriate in order to prevent 
enlargement or dilution of benefits intended to be made available under the 
Plan, make proportionate adjustments to the maximum number of shares that 
may be delivered under the Plan under Section 4(a) and shall also make 
appropriate, proportionate adjustments to the number and kind of shares of 
stock or securities subject to Awards then outstanding or subsequently 
granted, any exercise prices relating to Awards and any other provision of 
Awards affected by such change (and shall make any adjustment required 
pursuant to Section 260.140.41 and 260.140.42 of the California Code of 
Regulations). Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, any 
adjustments hereunder shall be done on terms and conditions consistent with 
Section 409A of the Code.
 
-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(2) Certain Other Adjustments. The Administrator may also make adjustments 
of the type described in paragraph (1) above to take into account 
distributions to stockholders or any other event, if the Administrator 
determines that adjustments are appropriate to avoid distortion in the 
operation of the Plan and to preserve the value of Awards made hereunder, 
having due regard for the qualification of ISOs under Section 422 of the 
Code, where applicable.


(3) Continuing Application of Plan Terms. References in the Plan to shares 
of Stock will be construed to include any stock or securities resulting 
from an adjustment pursuant to this Section 7.
 
8. 	LEGAL CONDITIONS ON DELIVERY OF STOCK

The Company shall use best efforts to ensure, prior to delivering shares of 
Stock pursuant to the Plan or removing any restriction from shares of Stock 
previously delivered under the Plan, that (a) all legal matters in 
connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares have been 
addressed and resolved, and (b) if the outstanding Stock is at the time of 
delivery listed on any stock exchange or national market system, the shares 
to be delivered have been listed or authorized to be listed on such 
exchange or system upon official notice of issuance. Neither the Company 
nor any Affiliate will be obligated to deliver any shares of Stock pursuant 
to the Plan or to remove any restriction from shares of Stock previously 
delivered under the Plan until the conditions set forth in the preceding 
sentence have been satisfied and all other conditions of the Award have 
been satisfied or waived. If the sale of Stock has not been registered 
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Company may require, as a 
condition to exercise of the Award, such representations or agreements as 
counsel for the Company may consider appropriate to avoid violation of such 
Act. The Company may require that certificates evidencing Stock issued 
under the Plan bear an appropriate legend reflecting any restriction on 
transfer applicable to such Stock, and the Company may hold the 
certificates pending lapse of the applicable restrictions.
 
9. 	AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

The Administrator may at any time or times amend the Plan or any 
outstanding Award for any purpose which may at the time be permitted by 
law, and may at any time terminate the Plan as to any future grants of 
Awards; provided, that except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan 
the Administrator may not, without the Participants consent, alter the 
terms of an Award so as to affect adversely the Participants rights under 
the Award, unless the Administrator expressly reserved the right to do so 
at the time of the Award. The Administrator expressly reserves the right to 
amend or alter the terms of any Award if such Award or a portion thereof 
would be reasonably likely to be treated as a liability award under 
guidance issued or provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board 
(FASB), provided that the Administrator may not make any such amendment or 
alteration unless the Chief Executive Officer of the Company has provided 
prior written consent thereto. Any amendments to the Plan shall be 
conditioned upon stockholder approval only to the extent, if any, such 
approval is required by applicable law (including the Code), as determined 
by the Administrator.
 
-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10. 	OTHER COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS

The existence of the Plan or the grant of any Award will not in any way 
affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to Award a person bonuses 
or other compensation in addition to Awards under the Plan.
 
11. 	WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

(a) Waiver of Jury Trial. By accepting an Award under the Plan, each 
Participant waives any right to a trial by jury in any action, proceeding 
or counterclaim concerning any rights under the Plan and any Award, or 
under any amendment, waiver, consent, instrument, document or other 
agreement delivered or which in the future may be delivered in connection 
therewith, and agrees that any such action, proceedings or counterclaim 
shall be tried before a court and not before a jury. By accepting an Award 
under the Plan, each Participant certifies that no officer, representative 
or attorney of the Company or any Affiliate has represented, expressly or 
otherwise, that the Company would not, in the event of any action, 
proceeding or counterclaim, seek to enforce the foregoing waivers.


(b) Arbitration. In the event the waiver in Section 11(a) is held to be 
invalid or unenforceable, if requested by the Company, the parties shall 
attempt in good faith to resolve any controversy or claim arising out of or 
relating to this Plan or any Award hereunder promptly by negotiations 
between themselves or their representatives who have authority to settle 
the controversy. If the matter has not been resolved within sixty (60) days 
of the initiation of such procedure, the Company may require that the 
parties submit the controversy to arbitration by one arbitrator mutually 
agreed upon by the Parties, and if no agreement can be reached within 30 
days after names of potential arbitrators have been proposed by the 
American Arbitration Association (the AAA), then by one arbitrator having 
reasonable experience in corporate incentive plans of the type provided for 
in this Plan and who is chosen by the AAA. The arbitration shall be 
governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Section 1, et seq., and 
judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any 
court having jurisdiction thereof. The place of arbitration shall be 
Cupertino, California, or any other location mutually agreed to between the 
parties. The arbitrator shall apply the law as established by decisions of 
the Delaware federal and/or state courts in deciding the merits of claims 
and defenses under federal law or any state or federal anti-discrimination 
law. The arbitrator is required to state, in writing, the reasoning on 
which the award rests. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this paragraph shall 
not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose 
of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in 
circumstances in which such relief is appropriate.
 
12. 	GOVERNING LAW; MISCELLANEOUS

Except as otherwise provided by the express terms of an Award Agreement, 
the provisions of the Plan and of Awards under the Plan shall be governed 
by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. To 
the extent required by Section 25102(o) of the California Corporations 
Code: (A) no Award granted to a Participant shall become vested or 
exercisable unless the Plan has been approved by the Companys stockholders 
by the later of (1) within 12 months before or after the date the Plan is 
adopted or (2) prior to (or, in the case of a Stock Option, within) 12 
months of the granting of any Award or the issuance of any security under 
the Plan in California; (B) no Stock Option shall have an exercise period 
of more than 120
 
-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
months from the date the Stock Option is granted; and (C) no Award will be 
granted more than 10 years from the date the Plan is adopted or the Plan is 
approved by the Companys stockholders.
 
-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A


Definitions of Terms


The following terms, when used in the Plan, will have the meanings and be 
subject to the provisions set forth below:

Administrator: The Board or, if one or more has been appointed, the 
Committee. The Administrator may delegate ministerial tasks to such persons 
as it deems appropriate.


Affiliate: Any corporation or other entity that stands in a relationship 
to the Company that would result in the Company and such corporation or 
other entity being treated as one employer under Section 414(b) or Section 
414(c) of the Code, except that in determining eligibility for the grant of 
a Stock Option by reason of service for an Affiliate, Sections 414(b) and 
414(c) of the Code shall be applied by substituting at least 50% for at 
least 80% under Section 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3) of the Code and Treas. 
Regs. § 1.414(c)-2; provided, that to the extent permitted under Section 
409A of the Code, at least 20% shall be used in lieu of at least 50%; 
and further provided, that the lower ownership threshold described in this 
definition (50% or 20% as the case may be) shall apply only if the same 
definition of affiliation is used consistently with respect to all 
compensatory stock options or stock awards (whether under the Plan or 
another plan). The Company may at any time by amendment provide that 
different ownership thresholds (consistent with Section 409A of the Code) 
apply but any such change shall not be effective for twelve (12) months. In 
addition, any Affiliate must also meet the requirements of subsection (c) 
under Rule 701.


Award: Any or a combination of the following:
 
  	(i) 	Stock Options;
 
  	(ii) 	Restricted Stock;
 
  	(iii) 	Unrestricted Stock;
 
  	(iv) 	Awards (other than Awards described in (i) through (iii) above) 
that are convertible into or exchangeable for Stock on such terms and 
conditions as the Administrator determines;
 
  	(v) 	Performance Awards; and/or
 
  	(vi) 	Current or deferred grants of cash (which the Company may make 
payable by any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries) or loans, made in 
connection with other Awards.


Award Agreement: A written agreement between the Company and the 
Participant evidencing the Award.


Board: The Board of Directors of CRC Health Group, Inc.
 
-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cause: In the case of any Participant, a termination by the Company or an 
Affiliate of the Participants Employment or a termination by the 
Participant of the Participants Employment, in either case following the 
occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the willful failure by the 
Participant to substantially perform his duties with the Company or any 
Affiliate (other than any such failure due to the Participants physical or 
mental illness); (ii) the Participants gross negligence, gross or willful 
misconduct or illegal conduct in the performance of his or her duties for 
the Company or any Affiliate which has resulted in or is reasonably 
expected to result in injury to the Company or any Affiliate; (iii) the 
Participants conviction of, or entering a plea of guilty or nolo 
contendere to, a misdemeanor involving theft or embezzlement, or a felony; 
or (iv) the breach by the Participant of any obligations under any written 
agreement or covenant with the Company or any of its Affiliates which 
breach has resulted in or is reasonably expected to result in injury to the 
Company or any Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the 
Participant is party to an employment or severance agreement with the 
Company that contains a definition of cause, such definition shall apply 
(in the case of such Participant) in lieu of the definition set forth in 
the preceding sentence.


Class A Common: Class A Common Stock of CRC Health Group, Inc., par value 
$.001 per share or another class of Class A Common Stock of the Company as 
designated by the Board.


Class L Common: Class L Common Stock of CRC Health Group, Inc., par value 
$.001 per share.


Code: The U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as from time to time amended 
and in effect, or any successor statute as from time to time in effect. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any reference to any section of the Code includes 
reference to any regulations (including proposed or temporary regulations) 
promulgated under that section and any IRS guidance thereunder.


Committee: One or more committees of the Board.


Company: CRC Health Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, formerly known 
as CRCA Holdings, Inc.


Corporate Transaction: Any of the following: any sale of all or 
substantially all of the assets of the Company, change in the ownership of 
the capital stock of the Company, reorganization, recapitalization, merger 
(whether or not the Company is the surviving entity), consolidation, 
exchange of capital stock of the Company or other restructuring involving 
the Company, provided, that, in each case, to the extent any amount 
constituting nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A 
of the Code would become payable under an Award by reason of a Corporate 
Transaction, it shall become payable only if the event or circumstances 
constituting the Corporate Transaction would also constitute a change in 
the ownership or effective control of the Company, or a change in the 
ownership of a substantial portion of the Companys assets, within the 
meaning of subsection (a)(2)(A)(v) of Section 409A of the Code.


Employee: Any person who is employed by the Company or an Affiliate.
 
-10-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Employment: A Participants employment or other service relationship with 
the Company and its Affiliates. Unless the Administrator provides 
otherwise: A change in the capacity in which a Participant is employed by 
or renders services to the Company and/or its Affiliates, whether as an 
Employee, director, consultant or advisor, or a change in the entity by 
which the Participant is employed or to which the Participant rendered 
services, will not be deemed a termination of Employment so long as the 
Participant continues providing services in a capacity and to an entity 
described in Section 5. If a Participants relationship is with an 
Affiliate and that entity ceases to be an Affiliate, the Participant will 
be deemed to cease Employment when the entity ceases to be an Affiliate 
unless the Participant transfers Employment to the Company or its remaining 
Affiliates. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or in any 
Award, the Administrator may deem a diminution of a Participants 
responsibilities to the Company or its Affiliates to be a cessation of 
Employment for purposes of the Plan or any Award under the Plan.


ISO: A Stock Option intended to be an incentive stock option within the 
meaning of Section 422 of the Code. Each option granted pursuant to the 
Plan will be treated as providing by its terms that it is to be a 
non-incentive stock option unless, as of the date of grant, it is expressly 
designated as an ISO.


Participant: A person who is granted an Award under the Plan.


Performance Award: An Award subject to Performance Criteria.


Performance Criteria: Specified criteria the satisfaction of which is a 
condition for the grant, exercisability, vesting or full enjoyment of an 
Award. If a Performance Award so provides, such criteria may be made 
subject to appropriate adjustments taking into account the effect of 
significant corporate transactions or similar events for the purpose of 
maintaining the probability that the specified criteria will be satisfied. 
Such adjustments shall be made only in the amount deemed reasonably 
necessary, after consultation with the Companys accountants, to reflect 
accurately the direct and measurable effect of such event on such criteria.


Plan: CRC Health Group, Inc. 2007 Incentive Plan as from time to time 
amended and in effect.


Restricted Stock: An Award of Stock for so long as the Stock remains 
subject to restrictions under this Plan or such Award requiring that it be 
redelivered or offered for sale to the Company if specified conditions are 
not satisfied.


Stock: Class A Common and Class L Common.


Stockholders Agreement: Stockholders Agreement, dated as of February 6, 
2006, among the Company and certain Affiliates, stockholders and 
Participants.


Stock Option: An option entitling the recipient to acquire Units (or, to 
the extent permitted by Section 6(b)(5) hereof, shares of Stock) upon 
payment of the exercise price.
 
-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Unit: An undivided interest in 9 shares of Class A Common and 1 share of 
Class L Common, determined at the date of grant, as it may be adjusted as 
provided herein or in the Award Agreement.


Unrestricted Stock: An Award of Stock not subject to any restrictions 
under the Plan.
 
-12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B


Form of Option Agreement
 
-13-