 EX-10.1 3 v093602_ex10-1.htm
 

November 10, 2007


Blomenco, B.V.
Leo Blomen
Gortelseweg 3
8076 PR Vierhouten
Netherlands

       Re: Separation Agreement and General Release
 
Dear Leo:
 
You (Leo Blomen) and the Board of Directors of HydroGen Corporation have 
come to the conclusion that, given the critical point that the Company has 
reached in its life-cycle, that the Chief Executive Officer of HydroGen 
Corporation and HydroGen, L.L.C. (the “Company”) should be a full-time 
employee of the Company living in the United States and working out of the 
Company’s offices on a daily basis. Given the Company’s desire to retain 
your services as a consultant and your desire to continue providing 
consulting services to the Company through Blomenco B.V. (“Blomenco”) we 
would like to retain your services as a consultant to provide technical and 
other services to the Company and end your consulting services as Chief 
Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer of HydroGen Corporation and 
the Company.
 
To that end, we have agreed to terminate cooperatively any consulting or 
other relationship between the Company and Blomenco, through which you 
provide Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer services as a 
consultant to the Company and HydroGen Corporation, and to enter into the 
attached Consulting Agreement between the Company and Blomenco dated 
November 10, 2007 to govern your future relationship with the Company. The 
term “you” in the remainder of this Separation Agreement and General 
Release (“Separation Agreement”) shall mean collectively Leo Blomen and 
Blomenco.
 
Paragraph 1 and paragraph 6 through 22 of this Separation Agreement, the 
Consulting Agreement between and among the Company, Leo Blomen and Blomenco 
dated November 10, 2007 attached as Exhibit "A" (the "Consulting 
Agreement") and the Confidential Information, Noncompetition and Invention 
Assignment Agreement attached as Exhibit “B” (“Confidential Information 
Agreement”) will be effective November 10, 2007. Paragraphs 2 through 5 of 
this Separation Agreement will be effective after your signature and 
expiration of the revocation period set forth in Paragraph 21 of this 
Agreement.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.  General Terms of Termination. We mutually agree as follows:
 
(a)  The consulting relationship between the Company and Blomenco through 
which Leo Blomen provides Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology 
Officer services as a consultant to the Company and HydroGen Corporation or 
any other relationship between Leo Blomen or Blomenco and the Company and 
Leo Blomen or Blomenco and HydroGen Corporation, shall end effective 
November 10, 2007 (the “Termination Date”), and the future consulting 
relationship shall be exclusively governed by the Consulting Agreement, 
except as expressly provided herein.
 
(b)  Leo Blomen shall continue to be a Director of HydroGen Corporation, 
and Chairman of the Board of Directors of HydroGen Corporation (the “Board 
of Directors”), and a shareholder of HydroGen Corporation, subject to your 
right to resign your Board position and the right to remove you from the 
Board or as Chairman at any time, consistent with the Board of Director’s 
fiduciary obligations, Nevada Law, the Articles of Incorporation of 
HydroGen Corporation, and the By-Laws of HydroGen Corporation. During the 
time you serve as Chairman, you will receive annual compensation at a rate 
of €25,000 payable in equal monthly installments.
 
(c)  Blomenco will be paid the amount of €4,846.15 representing any accrued 
amounts for consulting services rendered that are unpaid as of the 
Termination Date.
 
(d)  Blomenco will be paid for (i) any accrued but unreimbursed reasonable 
travel and business related expenses of Leo Blomen related to Leo Blomen’s 
consulting services to the Company or HydroGen Corporation that were 
incurred prior to the Termination Date and (ii) any accrued but 
unreimbursed reasonable travel related expenses of Leo Blomen’s wife 
incurred during October 2007 while accompanying Leo Blomen on business 
travel related to Leo Blomen’s consulting services to the Company or 
HydroGen Corporation that were incurred prior to the Termination Date.
 
(e)  You shall enter into and be bound by the Confidential Agreement, which 
shall supercede the Employment, Confidential Information, Noncompetition 
and Invention Assignment Agreement signed by you on May 2, 2005.
 
(f)  You shall be bound by and comply with the Insider Trading Policy 
attached as Exhibit “C”.
 
(g)  You shall sign and provide the Company with the letter providing 
notice of termination attached as Exhibit “F”.
 
2.  Termination Payment. Once your General Release in Paragraph 3 below 
becomes effective, and provided you comply with the other terms, conditions 
and requirements below, the Company agrees:
 
(a)  To pay Blomenco €252,000, to be paid out in equal bi-monthly 
installments, beginning not more than 21 days after you execute and return 
(without revoking) this Separation Agreement to the Company.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b)  To pay Blomenco a pro rated Annual Supplemental Fee (the “Annual 
Supplemental Fee”) for the 2007 calendar year, calculated as referenced in 
Exhibit “D”.
 
(c)  To pay Blomenco the equivalent in Euros of $31,583 to be paid in one 
lump sum payment on or before January 15, 2008.
 
(d)  To continue the Consulting Agreement under its terms and conditions;
 
(e)  For purposes of the Stock Option Agreement between Leo Blomen and 
HydroGen Corporation made as of December 11, 2006 attached as Exhibit “E” 
(the “Stock Option Agreement”), a termination of employment by Hydrogen 
Corporation without cause under Section 5.4 has not occurred. Termination 
of the Consulting Agreement shall be deemed termination of employment for 
purposes of the Stock Option Agreement. As long as the Consulting Agreement 
remains in effect, your shares shall continue to vest in accordance with 
the terms of the Stock Option Agreement and as provided herein.
 
(f)  You may retain the laptop computer and cell phone provided to you by 
the Company and in your possession on the Termination Date.
 
(g)  You will not be eligible for the payments and benefits described in 
Paragraph 2 unless: (i) you sign this Separation Agreement and return it to 
the Company no later than 21 days after it is received by you and you do 
not timely revoke it in accordance with Paragraph 21 below; (ii) you comply 
with Paragraph 7 below relating to Company property; (iii) you have entered 
into and comply with the Confidential Information Agreement; and (iv) you 
have entered into and comply with the Consulting Agreement.
 
3.  General Release.
 
(a)  In exchange for the consideration described in Paragraph 2, you 
release and forever discharge, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the 
Company, HydroGen Corporation, and each of the other “Releasees” as defined 
below, from any and all claims, causes of action, complaints, lawsuits or 
liabilities of any kind (collectively “Claims”) as described below which 
Leo Blomen, his heirs, agents, administrators, successors, executors or 
assigns have or may have against the Company, HydroGen Corporation or any 
of the other Releasees, or which Blomenco, its parent, subsidiary, related 
or affiliated entities and respective past, present, and future officers, 
directors, shareholders, attorneys, employees, insurers, agents, and their 
respective successors and assigns may have against the Company, HydroGen 
Corporation or any of the other Releasees.
 
(b)  By agreeing to this General Release, you are waiving, to the maximum 
extent permitted by law, any and all Claims which you have or may have 
against the Company, Hydrogen Corporation or any of the other Releasees 
arising out of or relating to any conduct, matter, event or omission 
existing or occurring before you sign this Separation Agreement, including 
but not limited to the following:
 
           (i)  any Claims having anything to do with Blomenco’s consulting
           relationship with the Company, HydroGen Corporation, or any of
           the Releasees, or termination of such relationship, including
           but not limited to Claims based on any alleged agreement,
           promise, representation, the Draft Agreement, or based on any
           negotiations or communications at any time regarding the terms
           of any such consulting relationship;
            
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
           (ii)  any Claims having anything to do with Leo Blomen’s
           consulting or other relationship, if any, with the Company,
           HydroGen Corporation, or any of the Releasees, or termination of
           any such relationship, including but not limited to Claims based
           on any alleged agreement, promise, representation, the Draft
           Agreement, or based on any negotiations or communications at any
           time regarding the terms of any such consulting or other
           relationship, if any;
 
           (iii)   any Claims relating to any employment relationship
           between Leo Blomen and either Hydrogen Corporation or the
           Company;
 
           (iv)  any Claims relating to the ownership of any intellectual
           property relating in any way to the Company's current or planned
           business, products or services;
 
           (v)  any Claims for unpaid or withheld wages, severance or
           retention payments, benefits, bonuses, commissions, Annual
           Retainer or Annual Supplemental Fee, and/or other compensation
           of any kind;
 
           (vi)  any Claims for reimbursement of expenses of any kind;
 
           (vii)  any Claims for attorneys’ fees or costs;
 
           (viii)  any Claims for benefits of any kind, including but not
           limited to those under the Employee Retirement Income Security
           Act (“ERISA”);
 
           (ix)  any Claims of discrimination and/or harassment based on
           age, sex, race, religion, color, creed, disability, handicap,
           citizenship, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, or
           any other factor protected by Federal, State or Local law as
           enacted or amended (such as the Age Discrimination in Employment
           Act, 29 U.S.C. §621 et. seq.; Title VII of the Civil Rights Act
           of 1964; the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Immigration
           Reform and Control Act, the New York State Human Rights Law, the
           New York City Human Rights Law, or the Pennsylvania Human
           Relations Act) and any Claims for retaliation under any of the
           foregoing laws;
            
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
           (x)  any Claims regarding leaves of absence including, but not
           limited to, any Claims under the Family and Medical Leave Act;
 
           (xi)  any Claims under the National Labor Relations Act;
 
           (xii)  any Claims under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;
 
           (xiii)  any Claims for violation of public policy;
 
           (xiv)  any whistleblower or retaliation Claims;
 
           (xv)  any Claims for emotional distress or pain and suffering;
           and/or
 
           (xvi)  any other statutory, regulatory, common law or other
           Claims of any kind, including, but not limited to, Claims for
           breach of contract, libel, slander, fraud, wrongful discharge,
           promissory estoppel, equitable estoppel and misrepresentation.
 
(c)  The term “Releasees” includes: all and singularly, HydroGen, L.L.C., 
HydroGen Corporation, and any of their direct or indirect parent, 
subsidiary, related or affiliated companies, and each of their past and 
present employees, officers, directors, attorneys, owners, partners, 
insurers, benefit plan fiduciaries and agents, and all of their respective 
predecessors, successors and assigns.
 
(d)  It is important that you understand that this General Release includes 
all Claims known or unknown by you, those that you may have already 
asserted or raised as well as those that you have never asserted or raised.
 
4.  Non-Released Claims. The General Release in Paragraph 3 above does not 
apply to:
 
(a)  Any Claims for benefits under the stock option plan applicable to the 
Stock Option Agreement;
 
(b)  Any Claims to enforce the commitments set forth in this Separation 
Agreement or the Consulting Agreement;
 
(c)  Any Claims to interpret or to determine the scope, meaning or effect 
of this Separation Agreement;
 
(d)  Any Claims arising out of any conduct, matter, event or omission 
existing or occurring after you have signed this Separation Agreement.
 
(e)  Any Claims for indemnification referred to in Paragraph 10 of this 
Agreement.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Further, the General Release does not prevent you from contacting or filing 
a charge with any federal, state or local government agency or commission. 
However, the General Release does prevent you, to the maximum extent 
permitted by law, from obtaining any monetary or other personal relief for 
any of the Claims you are releasing in Paragraph 3.
 
5.  Adequacy of Consideration. You acknowledge and agree that the 
consideration under Paragraph 2 above:
 
(a)  Is not required by any policy, plan or prior agreement;
 
(b)  Constitutes adequate consideration to support your General Release in 
Paragraph 3 above;
 
(c)  Fully compensates you for the Claims you are releasing; and
 
(d)  Constitutes adequate consideration for the Confidential Information 
Agreement.
 
For purposes of this Separation Agreement, “consideration” means something 
of value to which you are not already entitled.
 
6.  Prohibition on Using or Disclosing Confidential Information. Regardless 
of whether you sign this Agreement, you are prohibited from using or 
disclosing confidential and/or proprietary information acquired as a result 
of the consulting or other relationship with the Company, HydroGen 
Corporation or any other Releasee, and which is not generally known by or 
readily accessible to the public. This confidential or proprietary 
information includes, but is not limited to: Company proprietary or 
confidential information, technical data, trade secrets or know-how, 
including, but not limited to, research, product plans, products, services, 
customer lists and customers (including, but not limited to, potential 
customers of the Company with whom you have become acquainted), customer 
contacts, customer purchasing practices, markets, software, developments, 
inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs, drawings, 
engineering, marketing, distribution and sales methods and systems, sales 
and profit figures, finances, personnel information including but not 
limited to that regarding compensation, skills and duties, and other 
business information that you learned of, obtained, or that was disclosed 
to you during the course of your consultancy, either directly or 
indirectly, in writing, orally or by drawings or inspection of documents or 
other tangible property. However, confidential or proprietary information 
does not include any of the foregoing items which have been made generally 
available to the public and become publicly known through no wrongful act 
of yours, or any information known to you prior to or outside of your 
affiliation with the Company.
 
7.  Company Property and Documents. Regardless of whether you sign this 
Agreement, and as a condition of receiving the payments and benefits set 
forth in Paragraph 2 above, you agree to return promptly to the Company any 
and all Company and/or HydroGen Corporation property or documents relating 
to the business of the Company or HydroGen Corporation requested by the 
Company to be returned containing Confidential Information as defined in 
the Confidential Information Agreement, other than documents provided to 
all members of the Board of Directors.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
8.  Release by Company. The Company agrees to release you of and from any 
Claims arising out of your performance of consulting or any other services 
for the Company prior to the Termination Date based upon facts which are 
known to the Company or its Board of Directors as of the Termination Date, 
other than any Claims, based upon facts which are known or unknown, for 
theft, embezzlement, breach of fiduciary duty, fraud, misappropriation of 
Company assets or business opportunity, or self dealing.
 
9.  Confidentiality of this Separation Agreement. You agree that, at all 
times, the existence, terms and conditions of this Separation Agreement 
will be kept secret and confidential and will not be disclosed voluntarily 
to any third party, except: (i) to your spouse, if applicable, (ii) to the 
extent required by law; (iii) in connection with any Claim to enforce, 
interpret or determine the scope, meaning, or effect of the Separation 
Agreement; or (iv) to obtain confidential legal, tax or financial advice 
with respect thereto.
 
10.  Directors and Officers Insurance and Indemnification Agreement.
 
(a)  The Company and HydroGen Corporation acknowledge that the execution of 
this Agreement shall not impair your rights under HydroGen Corporation’s 
Directors and Officers Insurance coverage as it pertains to (a) actions 
taken by you prior to the Termination Date in your capacity as Chief 
Executive Officer of HydroGen Corporation and the Company or Chief 
Technology Officer of HydroGen Corporation and the Company and (b) your 
status as a director of the Board of Directors. The Company and HydroGen 
Corporation further acknowledge that the execution of this Agreement shall 
not impair your rights under the Indemnification Agreement by and between 
you and HydroGen Corporation dated as of September 14, 2006 with respect to 
your status as a director of the Board of Directors and your status as 
Chief Executive Officer of the Company and HydroGen Corporation and Chief 
Technology Officer of the Company and HydroGen Corporation prior to the 
Termination Date, and any indemnification rights and rights to advancement 
of legal fees available under the Company’s bylaws or the laws of the state 
of Nevada, if any.
 
(b)  In the event that the United States government should determine that 
you must pay income tax to the United States government under the Tax 
Convention between the U.S. and the Netherlands in connection with matters 
occurring prior to the execution of this Separation Agreement, and that you 
must withhold this amount (which is considered “exempt” from double 
taxation under Article 25, Paragraph 2 of the Tax Convention; the “Exempt 
Amount”) at the same time as, and in addition to, ongoing income tax 
withholdings as required by the Netherlands, the Company agrees to pay you 
funds equal to the Exempt Amount. You will repay any amount paid once you 
are reimbursed for the Exempt Amount by the Dutch government. Additionally, 
the Company agrees to reimburse Blomenco for any administrative fees not to 
exceed 5% of taxable income levied by the Dutch government pursuant to its 
reimbursement of the Exempt Amount. You agree to provide to the Company 
such tax and related documents that evidence your obligations to the Dutch 
and U.S. governments. In the event you do not use your best efforts to 
obtain reimbursement for the Exempt Amount by the Dutch government or 
provide the Company with tax and related documents requested, you shall 
immediately repay to the Company all amounts it paid to you under this 
section 10(b).
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
11.  Cooperation. You agree that, upon reasonable request, you will meet 
with representatives or agents of the Company or HydroGen Corporation and 
provide any information you acquired during the course of your consulting 
or other relationship, if any, that relates in any way to any disputes or 
other matters involving the Company, HyrdoGen Corporation or any Releasee 
(as defined above), subject to the terms of the Consulting Agreement.
 
12.  Non-Disparagement. You agree that you will not make any negative 
comments or disparaging remarks, in writing, orally or electronically, 
about the Company or any other Releasee (as defined above) and their 
respective products and services. The Company agrees that its officers and 
the Board of Directors of HydroGen Corporation will not, directly or 
indirectly, make any negative comment or remarks about you or your 
services. However, nothing in this Separation Agreement is intended to or 
shall be interpreted to restrict the right and/or obligation: (i) to 
testify truthfully in any forum; or (ii) to contact, cooperate with or 
provide information to any government agency or commission.
 
13.  Governing Law and Forum. This Separation Agreement shall be governed 
by and construed in accordance with the laws of Pennsylvania, without 
giving effect to any conflict of law provisions. Any court action 
instituted by you or on your behalf relating in any way to this Separation 
Agreement, the consulting relationship between the Company and Blomenco, or 
the consulting or other relationship Leo Blomen may have, if any, 
(including any employment relationship) with the Company or HydroGen 
Corporation, shall be filed exclusively in federal or state court in the 
County of Allegheny, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and you consent to the 
jurisdiction and venue of these courts. In the event you substantially 
prevail in any action to enforce this Separation Agreement, the Consulting 
Agreement or the Confidential Information Agreement, the Company agrees to 
pay your reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses of the action. In 
the event that the Company substantially prevails in any action to enforce 
this Separation Agreement, the Consulting Agreement or the Confidential 
Information Agreement, you agree to pay the Company’s reasonable attorneys 
fees, costs and expenses of the action.
 
14.  Statement of Non-Admission. Nothing in this Separation Agreement is 
intended as or shall be construed as an admission or concession of 
liability or wrongdoing by any party to this Agreement or any Releasee. 
Rather, the proposed Separation Agreement is being entered into for the 
sole purpose of settling cooperatively and amicably any and all possible 
disputes between the parties and describing their rights and obligations.
 
15.  Interpretation of Agreement. Nothing in this Separation Agreement is 
intended to violate any law or shall be interpreted to violate any law. If 
any paragraph or part or subpart of any paragraph in this Separation 
Agreement or the application thereof is construed to be overbroad and/or 
unenforceable, then the court making such determination shall have the 
authority to narrow the paragraph or part or subpart of the paragraph as 
necessary to make it enforceable and the paragraph or part or subpart of 
the paragraph shall then be enforceable in its/their narrowed form. 
Moreover, each paragraph or part or subpart of each paragraph in this 
Separation Agreement is independent of and severable (separate) from each 
other. In the event that any paragraph or part or subpart of any paragraph 
in this Separation Agreement is determined to be legally invalid or 
unenforceable by a court and is not modified by a court to be enforceable, 
the affected paragraph or part or subpart of such paragraph shall be 
stricken from the Separation Agreement, and the remaining paragraphs or 
parts or subparts of such paragraphs of this Separation Agreement shall 
remain in full, force and effect.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
16.  Entire Agreement. This Separation Agreement and Exhibits constitutes 
the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes any and all prior 
representations, agreements, written or oral, expressed or implied, by the 
Company or any Releasee arising out of or relating in any way to the 
consulting relationship between the Company or HydroGen Corporation and 
Blomenco or the consulting or other relationship Leo Blomen may have, if 
any with the Company or HydroGen Corporation. This Separation Agreement may 
not be modified or amended other than by an agreement in writing signed by 
Blomenco, Leo Blomen and the Company’s Chief Executive Officer or 
President.
 
17.  Acknowledgment. You acknowledge and agree that, subsequent to the 
Termination Date, you shall not be eligible for or owed any compensation, 
payments or benefits from the Company or any of the Releasees arising out 
of any consulting, or other relationship with the Company or any of the 
Releasees, except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Separation 
Agreement in Paragraph 2. You also acknowledge and agree that you have been 
paid for all consulting, employment or other services provided by you to 
the Company or any Releasee, except for any payments owed to you pursuant 
to Paragraph 1 which shall be paid to you regardless of whether you sign 
this Separation Agreement.
 
18.  Headings. The headings contained in this Separation Agreement are for 
convenience of reference only and are not intended, and shall not be 
construed, to modify, define, limit, or expand the intent of the parties as 
expressed in this Separation Agreement, and they shall not affect the 
meaning or interpretation of this Separation Agreement.
 
19.  Days. All references to a number of days throughout this Agreement 
refer to calendar days.
 
20.  Representations. You agree and represent that:
 
(a)  You have read carefully the terms of this Separation Agreement, 
including the General Release;
 
(b)  You have had an opportunity to and have been encouraged to review this 
Separation Agreement, including the General Release, with an attorney;
 
(c)  You understand the meaning and effect of the terms of this Separation 
Agreement, including the General Release;
 
(d)  You were given twenty-one (21) days to determine whether you wished to 
sign this Separation Agreement, including the General Release;
 
(e)  Your decision to sign this Separation Agreement, including the General 
Release, is of your own free and voluntary act without compulsion of any 
kind;
 
(f)  No promise or inducement not expressed in this Separation Agreement 
has been made to you; and
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(g)  You have adequate information to make a knowing and voluntary waiver.
 
21.  Revocation Period. If you sign this Separation Agreement, you will 
retain the right to revoke it for seven (7) days. If you revoke this 
Separation Agreement, you are indicating that you have changed your mind 
and do not want to be legally bound by this Separation Agreement. The 
Separation Agreement shall not be effective until after the Revocation 
Period has expired without your having revoked it. To revoke this 
Separation Agreement, you must send a certified letter to my attention at 
the following address: c/o HydroGen Corporation, 10 East 40th Street, Suite 
3405, New York, New York 10016. The letter must be post-marked within seven 
(7) days of your execution of this Separation Agreement. If the seventh day 
is a Sunday or federal holiday, then the letter must be post-marked on the 
following business day. If you revoke this Separation Agreement on a timely 
basis, you shall not be eligible for any of the consideration set forth in 
Paragraph 2.
 
22.  Offer Expiration Date. As noted above, you have twenty-one (21) days 
to decide whether you wish to sign this Separation Agreement. This offer 
shall remain open for 21 days and for seven (7) days after your signature 
and is irrevocable during that time. If you do not sign this Separation 
Agreement within twenty-one (21) days of the date you receive it, then this 
offer is withdrawn and you will not be eligible for the consideration set 
forth in Paragraph 2 above.
 
* * *
 
If you agree with the all of the terms of this Separation Agreement, please 
sign below, indicating that you understand, agree with and intend to be 
legally bound by this Separation Agreement, including the General Release, 
and return the signed Separation Agreement to me.
 
                         Sincerely,
                          
                         /s/ Joshua Tosteson
                          
                         Joshua Tosteson 
                         President
 

 
UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED,
INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND:
 
/s/ Leo Blomen                                          
Leo Blomen, Individually
 
11/10/07                                                      
Date
 
/s/ Christopher J. Garofalo                       
Witness
 

10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED,
INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND:
 
BLOMENCO, B.V.
 
By: /s/ Leo Blomen                                          
             Leo Blomen
 
11/10/07                                                             
Date
 

 
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT A TO SEPARATION AGREEMENT
 
Consulting Services Agreement by and among Leo Blomen, Blomenco B.V. and 
the Company dated as of November 10, 2007
 
[Please see Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report on form 8-K]
 

 
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT B TO SEPARATION AGREEMENT
 
Confidential Information, Noncompetition, and Invention Assignment 
Agreement
 
[Please see Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report on form 8-K]
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT C TO SEPARATION AGREEMENT
 
 
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 

 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT D TO SEPARATION AGREEMENT
 

 
The Supplemental Annual Fee as provided in Paragraph 2(b) shall be 
calculated as follows:
 
1.   	
assume full achievement of Leo Blomen’s personal goals and quantify as 1
 
2.   	
multiply such personal goal score of 1 by .10 (the “Personal Goals 
Multiplier”)
 
3.   	
calculate actual achievement of Company’s goals and quantify between 0 and 
1
 
4.   	
multiply such company goal score by .90 (the “Company Goals Multiplier”)
 
5.   	
add the Personal Goals Multiplier and Company Goals Multiplier (the “Goals 
Multiplier”)
 
6.   	
multiply the Goals Multiplier by .7 (the “Bonus Multiplier”)
 
7.   	
multiply the Bonus Multiplier by €252,000 (the “Gross Supplemental Fee”)
 
8.   	
multiply the Gross Supplemental Fee by a fraction, the numerator of which 
is 314 and the denominator of which is 365 (the “Annual Supplemental Fee”)
 

 

 
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT E TO SEPARATION AGREEMENT
 
 
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT F TO SEPARATION AGREEMENT

November 10, 2007

Board of Directors
HydroGen Corporation
10 East 40th Street, Suite 3405
New York, New York 10016

Dear Members of the Board of Directors of HydroGen Corporation:

Please accept this as notice that effective upon the execution of that 
certain Consulting Services Agreement by and among Blomenco B.V. 
(“Blomenco”), Leo Blomen and HydroGen Corporation (the “Company”), the 
consulting relationship between Company and Blomenco through which I, Leo 
Blomen, provide Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer 
services as a consultant to the Company and HydroGen, LLC Corporation shall 
end.

Sincerely,
 
 
Leo Blomen
 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 