 EX-10.30 2 a07-27035_1ex10d30.htm EX-10.30
Exhibit 10.30
 
CANYONS CENTER
SUMMERLIN
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
LEASE AGREEMENT
between
HOWARD HUGHES PROPERTIES,
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
and
VENDING DATA CORPORATION
Dated December 29, 2006
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
LEASE AGREEMENT
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
PAGE
ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 2 LEASE GRANT
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 3 LEASE TERM
 
 
 
 
 
3.1 DELIVERY OF POSSESSION
 
 
3.2 SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION OF PREMISES
 
 
3.3 LANDLORD DELAYS
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 4 USE OF PREMISES AND COMMON AREAS
 
 
 
 
 
4.1 PREMISES
 
 
4.2 COMMON AREAS OF BUILDING
 
 
4.3 LANDLORDS RIGHTS IN COMMON AREAS
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 5 BASE RENT AND ADDITIONAL RENT
 
 
 
 
 
5.1 BASE RENT
 
 
5.2 INTENTIONALLY OMITTED
 
 
5.3 ADDITIONAL RENT
 
 
5.4 INTEREST ON LATE PAYMENTS
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 6 BASE RENT ADJUSTMENT
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 7 SERVICES TO BE FURNISHED BY LANDLORD
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 8 IMPROVEMENTS TO BE MADE BY LANDLORD
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 9 MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR OF PREMISES BY LANDLORD
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 10 GRAPHICS
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 11 CARE OF THE PREMISES BY TENANT
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 12 REPAIRS AND ALTERATIONS BY TENANT
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 13 USE OF ELECTRICAL SERVICES BY TENANT
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 14 LAWS AND REGULATIONS
 
 
 
 
 
14.1 GENERAL
 
 
14.2 HAZARDOUS MATERIALS
 
 
14.3 CERTAIN INSURANCE RISKS
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 15 BUILDING RULES
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 16 ENTRY BY LANDLORD
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 17 ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 18 LIENS
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 19 INSURANCE
 
 
 
 
 
19.1 PROPERTY INSURANCE
 
 
19.2 LIABILITY INSURANCE
 
 
19.3 REQUIREMENTS FOR INSURANCE POLICIES
 
 
19.4 WAIVER OF SUBROGATION RIGHTS
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 20 INDEMNITY
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 21 PROPERTY DAMAGE
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 22 CONDEMNATION
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 23 DAMAGES FROM CERTAIN CAUSES
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 24 EVENTS OF DEFAULT
 
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 25 LANDLORDS REMEDIES
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 26 LANDLORDS DEFAULT
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 27 PEACEFUL ENJOYMENT
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 28 HOLDING OVER
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 29 SUBORDINATION TO MORTGAGE
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 30 LANDLORDS LIEN
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 31 ATTORNEYS FEES
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 32 NO IMPLIED WAIVER
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 33 PERSONAL LIABILITY
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 34 SECURITY DEPOSIT/LETTER OF CREDIT
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 35 NOTICE
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 36 SEVERABILITY
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 37 RECORDATION
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 38 GOVERNING LAW
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 39 FORCE MAJEURE
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 40 TIME OF PERFORMANCE
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 41 TRANSFERS BY LANDLORD
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 42 COMMISSIONS
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 43 EFFECT OF DELIVERY OF THIS LEASE
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 44 CORPORATE AUTHORITY; PARTNERSHIP AUTHORITY
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 45 JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 46 INTERPRETATION
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 47 INCORPORATION OF PRIOR AGREEMENTS; MODIFICATIONS
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 48 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 49 NO MERGER
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 50 COUNTERPARTS
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 51 EXHIBITS
 
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
LIST OF EXHIBITS
 
Exhibit
 
Description
 
Principal Reference
In Section/Article
 
 
 
 
 
A
 
Legal Description
 
1.4
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
B
 
Floor Plan of the Premises
 
1.15
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
C
 
Parking Agreement
 
4.2(ii)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
D
 
Work Letter
 
8
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E
 
Rules and Regulations
 
15
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F
 
Commencement Memorandum
 
1.22
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CANYONS CENTER
 
LEASE AGREEMENT
 
THIS LEASE AGREEMENT (the Lease), is made and entered into as of the 
29th day of December, 2006, between HOWARD HUGHES PROPERTIES, LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP, a Delaware limited partnership (Landlord), and VENDING DATA 
CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation (Tenant).
 
W I T N E S S E T H:
ARTICLE 1
 
DEFINITIONS
 
1.1 Intentionally omitted.
 
1.2 Allowance shall mean an amount equal to Seven and 00/100 Dollars 
($7.00) per square foot of Usable Area in the Premises. The Premises are 
stipulated for all purposes to contain six thousand one hundred thirty-five 
(6,135) square feet of Usable Area.
 
1.3 Base Rent shall be determined as follows:
 
(i) During months one (1) through twelve (12) of the Lease Term, the Base 
Rent shall be Thirty and 00/100 Dollars ($30.00) per year for each square 
foot of Rentable Area of the Premises which is equal to Two Hundred Eleven 
Thousand One Hundred Ten and 00/100 Dollars ($211,110.00) per annum.
 
(ii) During months thirteen (13) through twenty-four (24) of the Lease 
Term, the Base Rent shall be Thirty-One and 20/100 Dollars ($31.20) per 
year for each square foot of Rentable Area of the Premises which is equal 
to Two Hundred Nineteen Thousand Five Hundred Fifty-Four and 40/100 Dollars 
($219,554.40) per annum.
 
(iii) During months twenty-five (25) through thirty-six (36) of the Lease 
Term, the Base Rent shall be Thirty-Two and 44/100 Dollars ($32.44) per 
year for each square foot of Rentable Area of the Premises which is equal 
to Two Hundred Twenty-Eight Thousand Two Hundred Eighty and 28/100 Dollars 
($228,280.28) per annum.
 
(iv) During months thirty-seven (37) through forty-eight (48) of the Lease 
Term, the Base Rent shall be Thirty-Three and 74/100 Dollars ($33.74) per 
year for each square foot of Rentable Area of the Premises which is equal 
to Two Hundred Thirty-Seven Thousand Four Hundred Twenty-Eight and 38/100 
Dollars ($237,428.38) per annum.
 
(v) During months forty-nine (49) through sixty (60) of the Lease Term, the 
Base Rent shall be Thirty-Five and 09/100 Dollars ($35.09) per year for 
each square foot of Rentable Area of the Premises which is equal to Two 
Hundred Forty-Six Thousand Nine Hundred Twenty-Eight and 33/100 Dollars 
($246,928.33) per annum.
 
The Base Rent due for the first full calendar month during the Lease Term 
has been paid to Landlord by Tenant contemporaneously with Tenants 
execution hereof.
 
1.4 Building shall mean (a) the parcel of real property described in 
Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein, (b) the office 
building and parking structure built or to be built on such parcel of real 
property, and (c) any and all other improvements thereon and appurtenances 
thereto. The street address of the Building is 1120 Town Center Drive, Las 
Vegas, Nevada 89144; such street address may be modified by Landlord from 
time to time during the Lease Term.
 
1.5 Building Core shall mean the area within the outermost finish face of 
that portion of the Building that incorporates those areas that provide 
service to the tenants of that floor and to the Building. These areas of 
service include: restroom facilities for men and women along with the 
vestibule and access, electrical, mechanical, and telephone rooms, janitor 
closets, elevators and service elevators along with lobby and stairs, 
vestibules, and all vertical floor penetrations for 
mechanical/electrical/plumbing for the Building.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
1.6 Building Shell shall mean the condition of the Building completed 
with the following improvements: (a) outside walls (not including drywall), 
core walls, and elevator lobby areas completed to building standard 
condition for public areas; (b) unfinished concrete floors throughout the 
Premises, broom clean; (c) building standard 110 volt 220 amp. power 
supplied to the Building Core along with 277/480 volt fluorescent lighting 
power supplied to the Building Core; (d) mens and ladies restroom 
facilities with building standard finished located on each floor on which 
the Premises are located; (e) building standard voice communication 
speakers and smoke detectors in accordance with applicable building codes 
and provided only at the core; and (f) mechanical, electrical, plumbing, 
life safety, heating, air conditioning and ventilation in Building Core 
area as required to connect to and service the Premises.
 
1.7 Commencement Date shall mean the earlier of (i) the date that Tenant 
actually commences any business operations from the Premises, (ii) the date 
Tenant Improvements (as defined in Section 1.2 of Exhibit D  The Canyons 
Center Work Letter) have been substantially completed (as defined in 
Section 3.3 of the Lease), or (iii) February 1, 2007, except as the same 
may be delayed pursuant to Section 3.3 hereof. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Tenant is permitted entry to the Premises one (1) week prior to 
the Commencement Date for the purpose of installing fixtures or any other 
purpose permitted by Landlord. The early entry will be at Tenants sole 
risk and subject to all the terms and provisions of this Lease as though 
the Commencement Date had occurred, except for the payment of Rent, which 
will commence on the Commencement Date. Tenant, its agents, or employees 
will not interfere with or delay Landlords completion of construction of 
the Tenant Improvements. All rights of Tenant under this subsection 1.7 
will be subject to the requirements of all applicable building codes, 
zoning requirements, and federal, state, and local laws, rules, and 
regulations, so as not to interfere with Landlords compliance with all 
laws.
 
1.8 Expense Stop shall mean the amount (per square foot of Rentable Area 
of the Premises) Landlord herewith agrees to expend as its share of 
Operating Expense (which shall be a credit for Tenant to apply to offset 
Operating Expenses charged to the Premises), not to exceed the total amount 
of Operating Expenses for calendar year 2007 (the Base Year) (per square 
foot of Rentable Area in the Building); provided, however, that if 
occupancy of the Building during the Base Year is less than ninety-five 
percent (95%), Operating Expenses for the Base Year shall be grossed up 
to that amount of Operating Expenses that, using reasonable projections, 
would normally be expected to be incurred if the Building were ninety-five 
percent (95%) occupied during the Base Year. With respect to Real Property 
Taxes included in Operating Expenses for the Base Year, such amount shall 
be determined under the assumption that the Building is fully assessed as a 
completed and occupied unit.
 
1.9 Index shall mean the Consumer Price Index, Urban Wage Earners and 
Clerical Workers for Los Angeles, Anaheim and Riverside Area, all items 
(1982-1984=100), as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the 
United States Department of Labor. In the event that the Index is 
discontinued or is revised to substantially alter the calculations under 
Section 5.2, Landlord shall select such other government index which 
provides substantially the same result as would have been obtained if the 
Index had not been so discontinued or revised.
 
1.10 Laws shall mean all applicable statutes, regulations, ordinances, 
requirements and orders promulgated by any federal, state, local or 
regional governmental authority now in force or in force after the 
Commencement Date.
 
1.11 Lease Interest Rate shall mean the lesser of (a) that fluctuating 
rate of interest equal to two percentage points (2%) over the rate of 
interest announced from time to time by the Bank of America National Trust 
and Savings Association as its prime or reference commercial lending rate 
(or in the event such bank ceases to announce such rate, then by such other 
federally regulated banking institution as Landlord shall determine), or 
(b) the maximum interest rate permitted by law.
 
1.12 Lease Term shall mean the term commencing on the Commencement Date 
and continuing until sixty (60) months after the first day of the first 
full calendar month following the Commencement Date.
 
1.13 Mortgagee shall mean the mortgagee under a mortgage or beneficiary 
under a deed of trust holding a lien encumbering the Building or any holder 
of a ground leasehold interest in the Building or any part thereof.
 
1.14 Operating Expenses shall mean all costs of any kind paid or incurred 
by Landlord in owning, operating, cleaning, equipping, protecting, 
lighting, repairing, replacing, heating, air-conditioning and maintaining 
the Building as a first class office project, and a proration of Operating 
Expenses for all common areas within Canyons Center as provided in the REA 
or as otherwise determined by Landlord, including by way of illustration 
but not limitation, all of the following: (a) all amounts charged to the 
Building pursuant to the REA; (b) Real Property Taxes; (c) all costs, 
charges and surcharges for utilities, water, sewage, janitorial, waste 
disposal and refuse removal and all other utilities and services provided 
to the Building; (d) insurance costs for which Landlord is responsible 
under this Lease or which Landlord or
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
any Mortgagee deems necessary or prudent; (e) any costs levied, assessed or 
imposed pursuant to any applicable Laws; (f) the cost (amortized over such 
period as Landlord reasonably determines together with interest at the 
Lease Interest Rate on the unamortized balance) of any capital improvements 
to the Building or equipment replacements made by Landlord after the 
Commencement Date that are intended to reduce other Operating Expenses or 
are required by any Laws or are necessary in order to operate the Building 
at the same quality level as prior to such replacement; (g) costs and 
expenses of operation, repair and maintenance of all structural and 
mechanical portions and components of the Building including, without 
limitation, plumbing, communication, heating, ventilating and 
air-conditioning (HVAC), elevator, and electrical and other common 
Building systems; (h) a pro rata portion of the costs of the rental 
payments for the management office that is servicing the Canyons Center; 
(i) all costs incurred in the management and operation of the Building 
including, without limitation, gardening and landscaping, maintenance of 
all parking areas, structures and garages, maintenance of signs, 
resurfacing and repaving, painting, lighting, cleaning, and provision of 
Building security; (j) all personal property taxes levied on or 
attributable to personal property used in connection with the Building; (k) 
depreciation on personal property owned by Landlord which is consumed in 
the operation or maintenance of the Building; (l) rental or lease payments 
paid by Landlord for rented or leased personal property used in the 
operation or maintenance of the Building; (m) management fees, wages, 
salaries and other labor costs incurred in the management and operation of 
the Building; (n) fees for required licenses and permits; (o) reasonable 
legal, accounting and other professional fees; (p) reasonable and 
appropriate reserves for repair and replacement; and (q) a reasonable 
allowance to Landlord for supervision of all of the foregoing not to exceed 
five percent (5%) of the total of all other Operating Expenses. If the 
Building is not 95% occupied during any portion of the Lease Term, Landlord 
shall make an appropriate adjustment to Operating Expenses for such period 
employing sound accounting and management principles, to determine the 
amount of Operating Expenses that would have been incurred had the Building 
been 95% occupied during such period (collectively referred to as 
Grossed-Up). Operating Expenses shall not include depreciation of the 
Building or equipment therein, commissions of real estate brokers and 
leasing agents, nor any amounts expended for tenant improvements. Increases 
in controllable Operating Expenses shall not exceed four percent (4%) 
annually. Controllable Operating Expenses shall include any Operating 
Expenses other than Real Property Taxes, insurance and utility charges.
 
1.15 Premises shall mean that space outlined on the floor plan attached 
to this Lease as Exhibit B and incorporated herein. The Premises are 
stipulated for all purposes to contain seven thousand thirty-seven (7,037) 
square feet of Rentable Area.
 
1.16 REA shall mean that certain Canyons Centers Conditions and 
Restrictions recorded with the Clark County Recorder on December 11, 1996 
in Book 961211 and Instrument No. 00521 as such document may be further 
amended or supplemented from time to time; provided, however, that no such 
further amendment or supplement shall in any event decrease Tenants 
rights, materially increase Tenants financial obligations, or increase 
Tenants non-financial obligations under this Lease.
 
1.17 Real Property Taxes shall mean and include any form of tax, 
assessment, license fee, license tax, business license fee, commercial 
rental tax, levy, charge, penalty, tax or similar imposition, imposed by 
any authority having the direct power to tax, including any city, county, 
state or federal government, or any school, lighting, drainage, 
transportation, air pollution, environmental or other improvement or 
special assessment district thereof, as against any legal or equitable 
interest of Landlord in the Building and/or the Premises, including, but 
not limited to, the following: (a) any tax on Landlords right to rent or 
right to other income from the Premises or as against Landlords business 
of leasing the Premises; (b) any assessment, tax, fee, levy or charge in 
substitution, partially or totally, of any assessment, tax, fee, levy or 
charge previously included within the definition of Real Property Taxes (it 
is the intention of Tenant and Landlord that all such new and increased 
assessments, taxes, fees, levies and charges be included within the 
definition of Real Property Taxes for the purposes of this Lease); (c) 
any assessment, tax, fee, levy or charge allocable to or measured by the 
area of the Premises or the rent payable hereunder, including, without 
limitation, any gross income tax or excise tax levied by the state, county, 
city or federal government, or any political subdivision thereof, with 
respect to the receipt of such rent, or upon or with respect to the 
possession, leasing, operating, management, maintenance, alteration, 
repair, use or occupancy of the Building, or any portion thereof; (d) any 
assessment, tax, fee, levy or charge upon this transaction creating or 
transferring an interest or an estate in the Premises; (e) any assessment, 
tax, fee, levy or charge based upon the number of people employed, working 
at, or using the Premises or the Building, or utilizing public or private 
transportation to commute to the Premises or the Building; and (f) 
reasonable legal and other professional fees, costs and disbursements 
incurred in connection with proceedings to contest, determine or reduce 
Real Property Taxes.
 
Real Property Taxes shall not include federal or state income, franchise, 
inheritance or estate taxes of Landlord or any of the parties which 
comprise Landlord.
 
1.18 Rentable Area of the Premises shall mean the total of the following 
measurements to be determined by Landlord: (a) the entire area included 
within the Premises, being the area bounded by the inside surface of any 
exterior glass walls (or the inside surface of the permanent exterior wall 
where there
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
is no glass) of the Building bounding the Premises, the exterior of all 
walls separating the Premises from any public corridors or other public 
areas, and the centerline of all walls separating the Premises from other 
areas leased or to be leased to other tenants, (b) a pro rata portion based 
on the space occupied on the floor or floors on which the Premises is 
located (the Floor(s)) of the areas covered by the elevator lobbies, 
corridors, restrooms, and by mechanical rooms, electrical rooms and 
telephone closets situated on the Floor(s) (such pro rata portion shall be 
the same percentage that the amount of Rentable Area in the Premises bears 
to the Rentable Area on the Floor(s) on which the Premises is located), 
other than those servicing the entire Building, and (c) a pro rata portion 
of the lobby area on the ground floor of the Building and of the area of 
the Building containing the electrical/emergency equipment, fire pump 
equipment, electrical switching gear, telephone equipment, mail delivery 
room and other facilities serving the Building (such pro rata portion shall 
be the same percentage that the amount of Rentable Area of the Premises 
bears to the total Rentable Area in the entire Building). The Building is 
stipulated for all purposes to contain one hundred three thousand eight 
hundred forty-nine (103,849) square feet of Rentable Area.
 
1.19 Security Deposit shall mean the sum of One Hundred Thousand and 
00/100 Dollars ($100,000.00), to be secured by a letter of credit (Letter 
of Credit), as further defined in Article 34.
 
1.20 Tenants Share shall be a fraction of which the numerator is the 
Rentable Area of the Premises as set forth in Section 1.15 and the 
denominator is the Rentable Area in the Building as set forth in Section 
1.18.
 
1.21 Usable Area for the Premises shall mean the Rentable Area for the 
Premises, minus the following reductions as determined by Landlord: (a) the 
Premises pro rata portion of the lobby area on the ground floor and 
electrical/emergency equipment, fire pump equipment, electrical switching 
gear, telephone equipment, mail delivery facilities, elevator penthouse, 
security rooms, trash rooms and other areas which service the entire 
Building as specified in the definition of Rentable Area, and (b) the 
Premises pro rata portion of the space occupied on the Floor(s) of the 
Premises covered by the elevator lobbies, corridors, restrooms, mechanical 
rooms, electrical rooms and telephone closets situated on such Floors as 
specified in the definition of Rentable Area.
 
1.22 Commencement Memorandum shall mean a document similar to Exhibit F 
attached hereto. The Commencement Memorandum, among other things, shall 
contain a reference to the Rentable Area of the Premises and Usable Area of 
the Premises. Tenant agrees that the Rentable Area and Usable Area of the 
Premises stated in the Commencement Memorandum shall be binding throughout 
the Lease Term.
 
1.23 Intellectual Property shall mean that certain trademarks, service 
marks, trade names and logos, including without limitation Summerlin, 
The Hills, The Pueblo, The Trails, The Crossings, The Canyons, 
The Arbors, and The Willows (collectively, Intellectual Property). 
Tenant expressly acknowledges that Landlord is the owner of the 
Intellectual Property and, therefore, Tenant shall not, without the express 
written permission of Landlord, utilize any of the Intellectual Property as 
part or all of its business names, trade names, product names, trademarks, 
service marks, or any other identifying devices associated with its 
business, products or services. Furthermore, Tenant shall not challenge or 
attack the validity or enforceability of any of the Intellectual Property 
at any time during the term of the Lease and for a period of two (2) years 
thereafter. Tenant shall indemnify and hold Landlord harmless for any and 
all loss, cost or damage suffered by Landlord as a result of Tenants 
breach of this Section 1.23. This Section 1.23 shall survive the expiration 
or termination of this Lease.
 
ARTICLE 2
LEASE GRANT
 
Subject to and upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, Landlord 
leases to Tenant and Tenant leases from Landlord the Premises.
 
ARTICLE 3
LEASE TERM
 
3.1 Delivery of Possession.
 
Landlord will be deemed to have delivered possession of the Premises to 
Tenant on the Commencement Date, as it may be adjusted pursuant to Section 
3.3 and the Work Letter. Landlord will construct or install in the Premises 
the Improvements (hereinafter defined) to be constructed or installed by 
Landlord according to the Work Letter. Tenant acknowledges that neither 
Landlord nor its agents or employees have made any representations or 
warranties as to the suitability or fitness of the Premises for the conduct 
of Tenants business or for any other purpose, nor has Landlord or its 
agents or employees agreed to undertake any alterations or construct any 
tenant improvements to the Premises except as expressly provided in this 
Lease and the Work Letter. If for any reason Landlord cannot deliver
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
possession of the Premises to Tenant on or before the fixed date component 
of the Commencement Date, this Lease will not be void or voidable, and 
Landlord will not be liable to Tenant for any resultant loss or damage.
 
3.2 Substantial Completion of Premises.
 
If, by the fixed date specified in Section 1.7, the Premises have not been 
substantially completed pursuant to the Work Letter due to any cause other 
than Landlords default, Landlord shall have no liability therefor, and the 
Lease Term (including without limitation, Tenants obligation to pay Rent) 
shall nonetheless commence as of said fixed date.
 
3.3 Landlord Delays.
 
If the Premises are not substantially completed by the fixed date specified 
in Section 1.7 due to default on the part of Landlord (as determined in 
accordance with Article 26 below), then as Tenants sole remedy for the 
delay in Tenants occupancy of the Premises, the fixed date component of 
the definition of the Commencement Date shall be delayed for the period of 
delay in substantial completion of the Premises resulting from Landlords 
default. The Premises shall be deemed substantially completed when (i) 
Landlord has provided reasonable access to the Premises to Tenant, (ii) 
Landlord has completed the work covered by the Work Letter other than 
details of construction which do not materially interfere with Tenants use 
of the Premises, and (iii) Landlord has obtained a permanent or temporary 
certificate of occupancy for the Premises (or its equivalent).
 
ARTICLE 4
USE OF PREMISES AND COMMON AREAS
 
4.1 Premises.
 
The Premises shall be used for general office purposes and for no other 
purposes. Tenant will use the Premises in a careful, safe, and proper 
manner. Tenant agrees not to use or permit the use of the Premises for any 
purpose which is illegal or prohibited by any applicable Laws, or which, in 
Landlords opinion, creates a nuisance or would increase the cost of 
insurance coverage with respect to the Building. Tenant shall not use or 
occupy the Premises in violation of such rules and regulations described in 
Article 15 below nor in violation of the REA or any other recorded 
covenants, conditions or restrictions affecting the Building. Tenant shall 
not place a load upon the Premises exceeding the average pounds live load 
per square foot of floor area specified for the Building by Landlords 
architect, with the partitions to be considered part of the live load. 
Landlord reserves the right to prescribe the weight and position of all 
safes, files and heavy equipment which Tenant desires to place in the 
Premises so as to distribute properly the weight thereof.
 
4.2 Common Areas of Building.
 
Tenant shall have the nonexclusive right to use in common with other 
tenants in the Building, and subject to the rules of the Building referred 
to in Article 15 below, the following areas (Common Areas) appurtenant to 
the Premises:
 
(i) The common entrances, lobbies, restrooms, elevators, stairways and 
accessways, loading docks, ramps, drives and platforms and any passageways 
and serviceways thereto, and the common pipes, conduits, wires and 
appurtenant equipment serving the Premises;
 
(ii) Parking areas (subject to the provisions of the Parking Agreement 
attached hereto as Exhibit C), loading and unloading areas, trash areas, 
roadways, sidewalks, walkways, parkways, driveways and landscaped areas 
appurtenant to the Building.
 
4.3 Landlords Rights in Common Areas.
 
Landlord reserves the right from time to time without unreasonable 
interference with Tenants use:
 
(i) To install, use, maintain, repair and replace pipes, ducts, conduits, 
wires and appurtenant meters and equipment for service to other parts of 
the Building above the ceiling surfaces, below the floor surfaces, within 
the walls and in the central core areas, and to relocate any pipes, ducts, 
conduits, wires and appurtenant meters and equipment included in the 
Premises which are located in the Premises or located elsewhere outside the 
Premises, and to expand the Building;
 
(ii) To make changes to the Common Areas, including, without limitation, 
changes in the location, size, shape and number of driveways, entrances, 
loading and unloading areas,
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ingress, egress, direction of traffic, landscaped areas and walkways and, 
subject to the Parking Agreement, parking spaces and parking areas;
 
(iii) To close temporarily any of the Common Areas for maintenance purposes 
so long as reasonable access to the Premises remains available;
 
(iv) To use the Common Areas while engaged in making additional 
improvements, repairs or alterations to the Building, or any portion 
thereof; and
 
(v) To do and perform such other acts and make such other changes in, to or 
with respect to the Common Areas and Building as Landlord may, in the 
exercise of sound business judgment, deem to be appropriate.
 
ARTICLE 5
BASE RENT AND ADDITIONAL RENT
 
5.1 Base Rent.
 
Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord during the Lease Term, without any setoff 
or deduction whatsoever the Base Rent, and all such other sums of money as 
shall become due hereunder as Additional Rent. Should Tenant fail to pay 
any Additional Rent in a timely manner, Landlord shall be entitled to 
exercise all such rights and remedies as are herein provided in the case of 
the nonpayment of Base Rent. The annual Base Rent for each calendar year or 
portion thereof during the Lease Term, together with estimated Additional 
Rent pursuant to Article 6 hereof then in effect, shall be due and payable 
in advance, in lawful money of the United States of America which shall be 
legal tender at the time of payment, in twelve (12) equal installments on 
the first day of each calendar month during the initial term of this Lease 
and any extensions or renewals thereof, and Tenant hereby agrees to pay 
such Base Rent and Additional Rent to Landlord at Landlords address 
provided herein (or such other address as may be designated by Landlord in 
writing from time to time) monthly, in advance, and without demand. If the 
Lease Term commences on a day other than the first day of a month or 
terminates on a day other than the last day of a month, then the 
installments of Base Rent and Additional Rent for such month or months 
shall be prorated, based on the number of days in such month.
 
5.2 Intentionally Omitted.
 
5.3 Additional Rent.
 
All charges payable by Tenant hereunder other than Base Rent (including, 
without limitation, Operating Expenses payable pursuant to Article 6 below) 
are called Additional Rent. Unless this Lease provides otherwise, all 
Additional Rent shall be paid with the next monthly installment of Base 
Rent. Base Rent and Additional Rent are sometimes referred to collectively 
as Rent.
 
5.4 Interest on Late Payments.
 
All installments of Rent not paid when due and payable shall bear interest 
at the Lease Interest Rate from the date due until paid. In addition, if 
any installment of Rent is not received by Landlord within five (5) days 
after notice that said amount is past due from Landlord to Tenant, Tenant 
shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent, five percent (5%) of the overdue 
amount as a late charge. Landlords acceptance of any late charge or 
interest shall not constitute a waiver of Tenants default with respect to 
the overdue amount nor prevent Landlord from exercising any of the other 
rights and remedies available to Landlord under this Lease or any law now 
or hereafter in effect.
 
ARTICLE 6
BASE RENT ADJUSTMENT
 
The Base Rent payable hereunder shall be adjusted upward from time to time 
in accordance with the following provisions:
 
(a) Tenant shall pay to Landlord as an adjustment to Rent, an amount equal 
to the excess (the Excess) from time to time of total annual Operating 
Expenses per square foot of Rentable Area of the Premises, as Grossed-Up, 
over and above the Expense Stop. The Excess shall be obtained by 
multiplying (i) the difference between the annual Operating Expense per 
square foot of Rentable Area in the Premises and the Expense Stop, by (ii) 
the total Rentable Area of the Premises as set forth in Section 1.15. Such 
amount shall be paid in advance in monthly installments on the same dates 
as Base Rent is due and payable hereunder based on Landlords notice 
delivered to Tenant from time to time setting forth Landlords good faith 
estimate of the Operating Expenses for
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the current calendar year. Landlord shall have the right to adjust such 
amount no more than once a year to reflect any changes in Landlords 
estimate of Operating Expenses.
 
(b) By April 1 of each calendar year during the Lease Term, or as soon 
thereafter as practicable, Landlord shall furnish to Tenant a statement 
(Actual Statement) of Landlords annual Operating Expenses, as 
Grossed-Up, for the previous calendar year. If for any calendar year the 
amounts collected from Tenant for the prior year, as a result of Landlords 
estimate of Operating Expenses, exceeds the amount of the Excess actually 
due during such prior year, then Landlord shall refund to Tenant any 
overpayment (or at Landlords option, apply such amount against Rent due or 
to become due hereunder). Likewise, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, on 
demand, any underpayment with respect to the prior year.
 
(c) In the event of any good faith dispute as to the amount of the Excess 
as set forth in the statement of actual Operating Expenses, Tenant shall 
have the right, no more frequently than once per calendar year, after 
reasonable notice to Landlord and at reasonable times, to inspect and 
photocopy Landlords Operating Expenses records at Landlords offices. If, 
after such inspection and photocopy, Tenant continues, in good faith, to 
dispute the amount of the Excess as set forth in said statement, Tenant 
shall be entitled not later than one (1) year following Tenants receipt of 
an Actual Statement to retain a national, independent, certified public 
accountant who is not contracted on a contingency fee basis and is mutually 
acceptable to Landlord and Tenant to audit Landlords Operating Expenses 
records with respect to the calendar year covered by Actual Statement to 
determine the proper amount of the Excess. Landlord shall be entitled to 
review the results of such audit promptly after completion of same. If such 
audit proves that Landlord has overcharged Tenant, then within fifteen (15) 
days after the results of the audit are made available to Landlord, 
Landlord shall credit Tenant the amount of such overcharge toward the 
payments of Base Rent and Additional Rent next coming due under this Lease. 
If the results of such audit prove that Landlord has undercharged Tenant, 
then within fifteen (15) days after the results of the audit are made 
available to Tenant, Tenant shall pay to Landlord the amount of any such 
undercharge. Tenant agrees to pay the cost of such audit, provided that 
Landlord shall reimburse Tenant the amount of such cost if the results of 
such audit prove that Landlords determination of the Excess (as set forth 
in the Actual Statement) was in error by more than six percent (6%). If 
Tenant does not request an audit in accordance with the provisions of this 
Section 6(c) within one (1) year after Tenants receipt of an Actual 
Statement, such Actual Statement shall be conclusively binding upon Tenant. 
Landlord shall be required to maintain records of all Operating Expenses 
for three (3) years following the issuance of the Operating Expense 
statement for such Operating Expenses. The payment by Tenant of any amounts 
pursuant to this Article shall not preclude Tenant from questioning the 
correctness of any such statement.
 
ARTICLE 7
SERVICES TO BE FURNISHED BY LANDLORD
 
Landlord agrees to furnish Tenant the following services as an Operating 
Expense for the Building (except as specifically provided below):
 
(a) Hot and cold water at those points of supply provided for general use 
of other tenants in the Building, central heat and air conditioning in 
season, at such temperatures and in such amounts as are considered by 
Landlord to be standard or as required by governmental authority; provided, 
however, heating and air conditioning service at times other than Normal 
Business Hours for the Building (which are 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. on 
Mondays through Fridays and 8:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. on Saturdays, exclusive 
of federally recognized holidays), shall be furnished upon receipt of a 
phone request by Tenant utilizing Landlords computer which permits Tenant 
to make phone requests for such heating and air conditioning services. 
Tenant shall bear the entire cost of such additional service as such costs 
are determined by Landlord from time to time.
 
(b) Routine maintenance and electric lighting service for all Common Areas 
and service areas of the Building in the manner and to the extent deemed by 
Landlord to be standard.
 
(c) Janitorial service, five (5) days a week, exclusive of federally 
recognized holidays; provided, however, if Tenants floor covering or other 
improvements require special treatment, Tenant shall pay the additional 
cleaning cost attributable thereto as Additional Rent upon presentation of 
a statement therefor by Landlord.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(d) Subject to the provisions of Article 13, facilities to provide all 
electrical current required by a typical office user, as determined by 
Landlord, in its use and occupancy of the Premises.
 
(e) All Building Standard fluorescent bulb replacement in the Premises and 
fluorescent and incandescent bulb replacement in the Common Areas of the 
Building.
 
(f) Security in the form of limited access to the Building during other 
than Normal Business Hours shall be provided in such form as Landlord deems 
appropriate. Landlord may charge a fee for card keys or other security 
devices. Landlord, however, shall have no liability to Tenant, its 
employees, agents, invitees or licensees for losses due to theft or 
burglary, or for damages resulting from the actions of unauthorized persons 
on the Premises or in the Building and Landlord shall not be required to 
insure against any such losses. Tenant shall cooperate fully in Landlords 
efforts to maintain security in the Building and shall follow all 
regulations promulgated by Landlord which respect thereto.
 
The failure by Landlord to any extent to furnish, or the interruption or 
termination of these defined services in whole or part, resulting from 
causes beyond the reasonable control of Landlord shall not render Landlord 
liable in any respect nor be construed as an eviction of Tenant, nor work 
an abatement of Rent, nor relieve Tenant from the obligation to fulfill any 
covenant or agreement hereof. Should any of the equipment or machinery used 
in the provision of such services for any cause cease to function properly, 
Tenant shall have no claim for offset or abatement or rent or damages on 
account of an interruption in service resulting therefrom.
 
ARTICLE 8
IMPROVEMENTS TO BE MADE BY LANDLORD
 
Except as otherwise provided in the Work Letter attached hereto as Exhibit 
D, all installations and improvements now or hereafter placed on the 
Premises shall be for Tenants account and at Tenants cost (and Tenant 
shall pay ad valorem taxes and the cost of any increased insurance premiums 
thereon or attributable thereto), which cost shall be payable by Tenant to 
Landlord upon demand as Additional Rent.
 
ARTICLE 9
MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR OF PREMISES BY LANDLORD
 
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, Landlord shall not be 
required to perform any maintenance or to make any repairs to the Premises.
 
ARTICLE 10
GRAPHICS
 
Landlord shall provide and install, at Tenants cost, all letters or 
numerals on doors in the Premises; all such letters and numerals shall be 
in the standard graphics for the Building and no others shall be used or 
permitted on the Premises without Landlords prior written consent. Tenant 
shall have the right to designate one (1) name on the directory board in 
the lobby of the Building. Landlord shall have the option to maintain, in 
place of the directory board in the lobby of the Building, a computerized 
directory with display screen which has the capacity to accommodate 
Tenants name designation.
 
ARTICLE 11
CARE OF THE PREMISES BY TENANT
 
Tenant agrees not to commit or allow any waste to be committed on any 
portion of the Premises, and at the termination of this Lease agrees to 
deliver up the Premises to Landlord in as good condition as at the 
Commencement Date of this Lease, ordinary wear and tear excepted.
 
ARTICLE 12
REPAIRS AND ALTERATIONS BY TENANT
 
Tenant covenants and agrees that Tenant shall be responsible, at Tenants 
own cost and expense, for costs incurred by Landlord to repair or replace 
any damage done to the Building, or any part thereof, caused by Tenant or 
Tenants agents, employees, invitees, or visitors, to as good a condition 
as it was in prior to such damage. Tenant shall, when and if needed or 
whenever requested by Landlord to do so, at Tenants sole cost and expense, 
maintain and make all repairs to the Premises and the improvements therein, 
to keep, maintain and preserve the Premises in first-class condition, 
excepting ordinary wear and tear. Any such maintenance and repairs shall be 
performed by a contractor approved by Landlord. If Tenant fails to make 
such repairs or replacements promptly, Landlord may, at its option, make 
repairs or replacements, and Tenant shall pay the cost thereof to Landlord 
on demand as Additional Rent. Tenant
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
agrees with Landlord not to make or allow to be made any alterations to the 
Premises, install any vending machines on the Premises, or place signs on 
the Premises which are visible from outside the Premises, without first 
obtaining the written consent of Landlord in each such instance, which 
consent may be given on such conditions as Landlord may elect. Tenant shall 
deliver to Landlord, for Landlords approval prior to the construction of 
any alterations, a complete set of plans and specifications for the 
proposed alterations, additions or improvements, copies of contracts with 
general contractors, evidence of contractors insurance and bonds, and all 
necessary permits for such construction. Landlord may require Tenant to 
provide demolition and/or lien and completion bonds in form and amount 
satisfactory to Landlord. All alterations, additions, and improvements will 
be accomplished in a good and workmanlike manner, in conformity with all 
applicable laws, and by a contractor approved by Landlord. Landlords 
approval of the plans, specifications and working drawings for Tenants 
alterations shall create no responsibility or liability on the part of 
Landlord for their completeness, design, sufficiency, or compliance with 
all laws, rules and regulations of governmental agencies or authorities. 
Upon completion of any such work, Tenant shall provide Landlord with as 
built plans, copies of all construction contracts, and proof of payment 
for all labor and materials. Any and all alterations to the Premises shall 
become the property of Landlord upon termination of this Lease (except for 
movable equipment or furniture owned by Tenant). Landlord may, nonetheless, 
require Tenant to remove any and all fixtures, equipment and other 
improvements installed on the Premises. In the event that Landlord so 
elects, and Tenant fails to remove such improvements, Landlord may remove 
such improvements at Tenants cost, and Tenant shall pay Landlord on demand 
the cost of restoring the Premises to the condition that existed 
immediately prior to the construction of such improvements.
 
ARTICLE 13
USE OF ELECTRICAL SERVICES BY TENANT
 
Tenants use of electrical services furnished by Landlord shall be subject 
to the following:
 
(a) Landlord agrees to furnish to the Premises five (5) watts of electric 
current, connected load, per square foot of Usable Area during Normal 
Business Hours within the Premises on an annualized basis for normal 
lighting, normal fractional horsepower office machines, and HVAC as 
required in Landlords judgment for the use and occupation of the Premises.
 
(b) In the event that Tenant requires or uses more electric power than 
specified in Section 13(a) above, Landlord may, at Landlords option, 
require Tenant to pay the cost as reasonably determined by Landlord of such 
extraordinary usage as Additional Rent. In addition, Landlord may install 
checkmeters in or for the Premises, at Tenants sole cost and expense, and 
Tenant shall thereafter pay all charges of the utility company providing 
electric service and Landlord shall make an appropriate adjustment to 
Tenants obligation to pay a proportionate share of the Operating Expenses 
to account for the fact that Tenant is directly paying such metered 
charges.
 
ARTICLE 14
LAWS AND REGULATIONS
 
14.1 General.
 
At its sole cost and expense, Tenant will promptly comply with all Laws, 
statutes, ordinances, and governmental rules, regulations, or requirements 
now in force or in force after the Commencement Date, with the requirements 
of any board of fire underwriters or other similar body constituted now or 
after the date, with any direction or occupancy certificate issued pursuant 
to any law by any public officer or officers, as well as with the 
provisions of all recorded documents affecting the Premises, insofar as 
they relate to the condition, use, or occupancy of the Premises.
 
14.2 Hazardous Materials.
 
(a) For purposes of this Lease, Hazardous Materials means any explosives, 
radioactive materials, hazardous wastes, or hazardous substances, including 
without limitation substances defined as hazardous substances in the 
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 
1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. ## 9601-9657; the Hazardous Materials 
Transportation Act of 1975, 49 U.S.C. ## 1801-1812; the Resource 
Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, 42 U.S.C. ## 6901-6987; or any other 
federal, state, or local statute, law, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, 
order, or decree regulating, relating to, or imposing liability or 
standards of conduct concerning hazardous materials, waste, or substances 
now or at any time hereafter in effect (collectively, Hazardous Materials 
Laws).
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b) Tenant will not cause or permit the storage, use, generation, or 
disposition of any Hazardous Materials in, on, or about the Premises or the 
project by Tenant, its agents, employees, or contractors. Tenant will not 
permit the Premises to be used or operated in a manner that may cause the 
Premises or the project to be contaminated by any Hazardous Materials in 
violation of any Hazardous Materials Laws. Tenant will immediately advise 
Landlord in writing of (1) any and all enforcement, cleanup, remedial, 
removal, or other governmental or regulatory actions instituted, completed, 
or threatened pursuant to any Hazardous Materials Laws relating to any 
Hazardous Materials affecting the Premises; and (2) all claims made or 
threatened by any third party against Tenant, Landlord, or the Premises 
relating to damage, contribution, cost recovery, compensation, loss, or 
injury resulting from any Hazardous Materials on or about the Premises. 
Without Landlords prior written consent, Tenant will not take any remedial 
action or enter into any agreements or settlements in response to the 
presence of any Hazardous Materials in, on, or about the Premises.
 
(c) Tenant will be solely responsible for and will defend, indemnify and 
hold Landlord, its agents, and employees harmless from and against all 
claims, costs, and liabilities, including attorneys fees and costs, 
arising out of or in connection with Tenants breach of its obligations in 
this Article 14. Tenant will be solely responsible for and will defend, 
indemnify, and hold Landlord, its agents, and employees harmless from and 
against any and all claims, costs, and liabilities, including attorneys 
fees and costs, arising out of or in connection with the removal, cleanup, 
and restoration work and materials necessary to return the Premises and any 
other property of whatever nature located in, on, or about the Building, to 
their condition existing prior to the introduction of Hazardous Materials 
by Tenant, its agents, employees or contractors. Tenants obligations under 
this Article 14 will survive the expiration or other termination of this 
Lease.
 
14.3 Certain Insurance Risks.
 
Tenant will not do or permit to be done any act or thing upon the Premises 
or the Building which would (i) jeopardize or be in conflict with fire 
insurance policies covering the Building or covering any fixtures and 
property in the Building; (ii) increase the rate of fire insurance 
applicable to the Building to an amount higher than it otherwise would be 
for general office use of the Building; or (iii) subject Landlord to any 
liability or responsibility for injury to any person or persons or to 
property by reason of any business or operation being carried on upon the 
Premises.
 
ARTICLE 15
BUILDING RULES
 
Tenant will comply with the rules of the Building which are attached hereto 
as Exhibit E and incorporated herein by this reference, as such rules are 
reasonably adopted and altered by Landlord from time to time and will cause 
all of its agents, employees, invitees and visitors to do so; all changes 
to such rules will be sent by Landlord to Tenant in writing.
 
ARTICLE 16
ENTRY BY LANDLORD
 
Tenant agrees to permit Landlord or its agents or representatives to enter 
into and upon any part of the Premises at all reasonable hours (and in 
emergencies at all times) to inspect the same, or to show the Premises to 
prospective purchasers, Mortgagees, tenants or insurers, to clean or make 
repairs, alterations or additions thereto, and Tenant shall not be entitled 
to any abatement or reduction of rent by reason thereof.
 
ARTICLE 17
ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING
 
17.1 Tenant shall not assign, sublease, transfer or encumber this Lease or 
any interest therein. Any attempted assignment or sublease by Tenant in 
violation of the terms and covenants of this Article 17 shall be void.
 
17.2 If Tenant requests Landlords consent to an assignment of this Lease 
or subletting of all or part of the Premises, Landlord shall have the 
option (without limiting Landlords other rights hereunder) of terminating 
this Lease upon thirty (30) days notice. Landlord may then, at Landlords 
option, lease space to the prospective assignee or subtenant. If Landlord 
should fail to notify Tenant in writing of its decision within a thirty 
(30) day period after Landlord is notified in writing of the proposed 
assignment or sublease, Landlord shall be deemed to have refused to consent 
to such proposed assignment or sublease, and to have elected to keep this 
Lease in full force and effect.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
17.3 All cash or other proceeds of any assignment, sale or sublease of 
Tenants interest in this Lease, whether consented to by Landlord or not, 
shall be paid to Landlord notwithstanding the fact that such proceeds 
exceed the Rent called for hereunder, unless Landlord agrees to the 
contrary in writing, and Tenant hereby assigns all rights it might have or 
ever acquire in any such proceeds to Landlord. This covenant and assignment 
shall run with the land and shall bind Tenant and Tenants heirs, 
executors, administrators, personal representatives, successors and 
assigns. Any assignee, sublessee or purchaser of Tenants interest in this 
Lease (all such assignees, sublessees and purchasers being hereinafter 
referred to as Successors), by assuming Tenants obligations hereunder, 
shall assume liability to Landlord for all amounts paid to persons other 
than Landlord by such Successor in consideration of any such sale, 
assignment or subletting, in violation of the provisions hereof.
 
17.4 No assignment, sublease or other transfer consented to by Landlord, 
shall release Tenant or change Tenants primary liability to pay the rent 
and to perform all other obligations of Tenant under this Lease. Upon the 
occurrence of any default under this Lease, Landlord may proceed directly 
against Tenant without the necessity of exhausting any remedies against any 
subtenant or assignee. Upon termination of this Lease, any permitted 
subtenant shall, at Landlords option, attorn to Landlord and shall pay all 
Rent directly to Landlord. Landlords acceptance of Rent from any other 
person shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of this Article 17. 
Consent to one transfer shall not constitute a consent to any subsequent 
transfer. Landlord may consent to subsequent assignments or modifications 
of this Lease by Tenants transferee, without notifying Tenant or obtaining 
its consent. Such action shall not relieve Tenant of its liability under 
this Lease.
 
17.5 No merger shall result from Tenants sublease of the Premises under 
this Article 17, Tenants surrender of this Lease or the termination of 
this Lease in any other manner. In any such event, Landlord may terminate 
any or all subtenancies or succeed to the interest of Tenant as sublandlord 
thereunder.
 
ARTICLE 18
LIENS
 
Tenant will not permit any mechanics lien(s) or other liens to be placed 
upon the Premises or the Building and nothing in this Lease shall be deemed 
or construed in any way as constituting the consent or request of Landlord, 
express or implied, by inference or otherwise, to any person for the 
performance of any labor or the furnishing of any materials to the 
Premises, or any part thereof, nor as giving Tenant any right, power, or 
authority to contract for or permit the rendering of any services or the 
furnishing of any materials that would give rise to any mechanics or other 
liens against the Premises. In the event any such lien is attached to the 
Premises, then, in addition to any other right or remedy of Landlord, 
Landlord may, but shall not be obligated to, discharge the same. Any amount 
paid by Landlord for any of the aforesaid purposes shall be paid by Tenant 
to Landlord on demand as Additional Rent.
 
ARTICLE 19
INSURANCE
 
19.1 Property Insurance.
 
Landlord shall maintain property coverage insurance on the Building Shell 
and appurtenant structures in the Common Areas in such amounts as Landlord 
and any Mortgagees may deem necessary or appropriate. Such insurance shall 
be maintained at the expense of Landlord (as a part of Operating Expenses), 
and payments for losses thereunder shall be made solely to Landlord or the 
Mortgagees as their respective interests shall appear. Tenant shall obtain 
and keep in force at all times during the Lease Term, a policy or policies 
of insurance covering loss or damage to all of the improvements, 
betterments, income and business contents located within the Premises other 
than the Building Shell (including all improvements constructed pursuant to 
Exhibit D) in the amount of the full replacement value thereof as 
ascertained by the Tenants insurance carrier, as the same may exist from 
time to time, against all perils normally covered in an all risk policy 
(including the perils of flood and surface waters), as such term is used in 
the insurance industry; provided, however, that Tenant shall have no 
obligation to insure against earthquake.
 
19.2 Liability Insurance.
 
Tenant shall, at Tenants expense, maintain a policy of Commercial General 
Liability insurance insuring Landlord and Tenant against liability arising 
out of the ownership, use, occupancy or maintenance of the Premises. Such 
insurance shall be on an occurrence basis providing single-limit coverage 
in an amount not less than Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) per occurrence. 
The initial amount of such insurance shall be subject to periodic increase 
upon reasonable demand by Landlord based upon inflation, increased 
liability awards, recommendation of professional insurance advisers, and 
other relevant factors. However, the limits of such insurance shall not 
limit Tenants liability nor relieve
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Tenant of any obligation hereunder. Landlord shall be named as an 
additional insured on said policies and the policies shall contain the 
following provision: Such insurance as afforded by this policy for the 
benefit of Landlord shall be primary as respects any claims, losses or 
liabilities arising out of the use of Premises by the Tenant or by Tenants 
operation and any insurance carried by Landlord shall be excess and 
non-contributing. The policy shall insure Tenants performance of the 
indemnity provisions of Articles 14 and 20.
 
19.3 Requirements for Insurance Policies.
 
Insurance required to be maintained by Tenant hereunder shall be in 
companies holding a General Policyholders Rating of A or better and a 
financial rating of 10 or better, as set forth in the most current issue 
of Bests Insurance Guide. Tenant shall promptly deliver to Landlord, 
within thirty (30) days of the Commencement Date, original certificates 
evidencing the existence and amounts of such insurance. No such policy 
shall be cancelable or subject to reduction of coverage except after sixty 
(60) days prior written notice to Landlord. Tenant shall, within thirty 
(30) days prior to the expiration, cancellation or reduction of such 
policies, furnish Landlord with renewals or binders thereof. Tenant shall 
not do or permit to be done anything which shall invalidate the insurance 
policies required under this Lease.
 
19.4 Waiver of Subrogation Rights.
 
Tenant and Landlord shall obtain from the issuer of the insurance policies 
referred to in Section 19.1 a waiver of subrogation provision in said 
policies and Tenant and Landlord hereby release, relieve and waive any and 
all rights of recovery against Landlord or Tenant, or against the 
employees, officers, agents and representatives of Landlord or Tenant, for 
loss or damage arising out of or incident to the perils insured against 
under Section 19.1 which perils occur in, on or about the Premises or the 
Building, whether due to the negligence of Landlord or Tenant or their 
agents, employees, contractors or invitees. The extent of the waiver 
described in the immediately preceding sentence is limited to the extent of 
insurance carried by Landlord and Tenant pursuant to Section 19.1 of this 
Lease.
 
ARTICLE 20
INDEMNITY
 
Tenant shall indemnify and hold harmless Landlord and all agents, servants 
and employees of Landlord from and against all claims, losses, damages, 
liabilities, expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees), penalties and 
charges arising from or in connection with (i) Tenants use of the Premises 
during the Lease Term, or (ii) the conduct of Tenants business, or (iii) 
any activity, work or things done, permitted or suffered by Tenant in or 
about the Premises during the Lease Term. Tenant shall further indemnify 
and hold harmless Landlord from and against any and all claims, loss, 
damage, liability, expense (including reasonable attorneys fees), penalty 
or charge arising from any default in the performance of any obligation on 
Tenants part to be performed under the terms of this Lease, or arising 
from any negligence of Tenant, or any of Tenants agents, contractors, or 
employees, and from and against all costs, attorneys fees, expenses and 
liabilities incurred in the defense of any such claim or any action or 
proceeding brought thereon. If any action or proceeding be brought against 
Landlord by reason of any such claim, Tenant, upon notice from Landlord, 
shall defend the same at Tenants expense by legal counsel reasonably 
satisfactory to Landlord. Tenant, as a material part of its consideration 
to Landlord, hereby assumes all risk of damage to property or injury to 
persons in or upon the Premises arising from any cause and Tenant hereby 
waives all claims in respect thereof against Landlord. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Tenant shall not be required to defend, save harmless or 
indemnify Landlord from any liability for injury, loss, accident or damage 
to any person or property resulting from Landlords negligence or willful 
acts or omissions, or those of Landlords officers, agents, contractors or 
employees. Tenants indemnity is not intended to nor shall it relieve any 
insurance carrier of its obligations under policies required to be carried 
by Tenant pursuant to the provisions of this Lease to the extent that such 
policies cover the results of negligent acts or omissions of Landlord, its 
officers, agents, contractors or employees, or the failure of Landlord to 
perform any of its obligations under this Lease.
 
ARTICLE 21
PROPERTY DAMAGE
 
If the Premises or any part thereof shall be damaged by fire or other 
peril, Tenant shall give prompt written notice thereof to Landlord. In case 
the Building shall be so damaged that substantial alteration or 
reconstruction of the Building shall, in Landlords sole opinion, be 
required (whether or not the Premises shall have been damaged by such 
peril) or in the event any Mortgagee shall require that the insurance 
proceeds payable as a result of a peril be applied to the payment of the 
mortgage debt or in the event of any material uninsured loss to the 
Building, Landlord may, at its option, terminate this Lease by notifying 
Tenant in writing of such termination within ninety (90) days after the 
date of such casualty. If Landlord does not thus elect to terminate this 
Lease, Landlord shall, as Landlords sole obligation, commence and proceed 
with reasonable diligence to restore the Building Shell to substantially 
the same
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
condition in which it was immediately prior to the occurrence of the peril. 
When the Building Shell has been restored by Landlord, Tenant shall 
complete the restoration of the Premises, including the reconstruction of 
all improvements in order to complete the Premises and restore the Premises 
to the same condition and build-out as prior to the casualty, including all 
improvements constructed pursuant to Exhibit D. Any plans and 
specifications for such restoration and reconstruction and the contractor 
retained by Tenant for such restoration and reconstruction shall be subject 
to the approval of Landlord. All insurance proceeds payable pursuant to 
policies maintained by Tenant pursuant to Section 19.1 shall be applied by 
Tenant to such reconstruction. Landlord shall not be liable for any 
inconvenience or annoyance to Tenant or injury to the business of Tenant 
resulting in any way from such damage or the repair thereof, except that, 
subject to the provisions of the next sentence, Landlord shall allow Tenant 
a fair diminution of rent to the extent the Premises are unfit for 
occupancy during the period commencing as of the date of the casualty and 
continuing for the period of time, as determined by Landlord, required for 
Tenant and Landlord to complete the repairs described in this Article 21. 
If the Premises or any other portion of the Building is damaged by fire or 
other peril resulting from the fault or negligence of Tenant or any of 
Tenants agents, employees, or invitees, the rent hereunder shall not be 
diminished during the repair of such damage and Tenant shall be liable to 
Landlord for the cost of the repair and restoration of the Building caused 
thereby to the extent such cost and expense are not covered by insurance 
proceeds.
 
ARTICLE 22
CONDEMNATION
 
If the whole or substantially the whole of the Building or the Premises 
shall be taken for any public or quasi-public use, by right of eminent 
domain or otherwise or shall be sold in lieu of condemnation, then this 
Lease shall terminate as of the date when physical possession of the 
Building or the Premises is taken by the condemning authority. If less than 
the whole or substantially the whole of the Building or the Premises is 
thus taken or sold, Landlord (whether or not the Premises are affected 
thereby) may terminate this Lease by giving written notice thereof to 
Tenant, in which event this Lease shall terminate as of the date when 
physical possession of such portion of the Building or Premises is taken by 
the condemning authority. If the Lease is not so terminated upon any such 
taking or sale, the Base Rent payable hereunder shall be diminished by an 
equitable amount, and Landlord shall, to the extent Landlord deems 
feasible, restore the Building and the Premises to substantially their 
former condition, but such work shall not exceed the scope of the work done 
by Landlord in originally constructing the Building and installing Building 
Standard Improvements in the Premises, nor shall Landlord in any event be 
required to spend for such work an amount in excess of the amount received 
by Landlord as compensation for such taking. All amounts awarded upon a 
taking of any part or all of the Building or the Premises shall belong to 
Landlord, and Tenant shall not be entitled to and expressly waives all 
claims to any such compensation.
 
ARTICLE 23
DAMAGES FROM CERTAIN CAUSES
 
Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for any loss or damage to any 
property or person occasioned by theft, fire, act of God, public enemy, 
injunction, riot, strike, insurrection, war, court order, requisition, or 
order of governmental body or authority or by any other cause beyond the 
control of Landlord. In addition, Landlord shall not be liable for any 
damage or inconvenience which may arise through repair or alteration of any 
part of the Building or Premises.
 
ARTICLE 24
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
 
The following events shall be deemed to be events of default (Events of 
Default) by Tenant under this Lease:
 
(a) If Tenant abandons the Premises or if Tenant vacates the Premises for 
thirty (30) consecutive days;
 
(b) If Tenant fails to pay Rent or any other charge required to be paid by 
Tenant, as and when due;
 
(c) If Tenant fails to perform any of Tenants non-monetary obligations 
under this Lease for a period of ten (10) days after written notice from 
Landlord; provided that if more than ten (10) days are required to complete 
such performance, Tenant shall not be in default if Tenant commences such 
performance within such ten (10) day period and thereafter diligently 
pursues its completion;
 
(d) If (i) Tenant makes a general assignment or general arrangement for the 
benefit of creditors; (ii) a petition for adjudication of bankruptcy or for 
reorganization or rearrangement is filed by or against Tenant and is not 
dismissed within thirty (30) days;
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(iii) a trustee or receiver is appointed to take possession of 
substantially all of Tenants assets located at the Premises or of Tenants 
interest in this Lease and possession is not restored to Tenant within 
thirty (30) days; or (iv) substantially all of Tenants assets located at 
the Premises or of Tenants interest in this Lease is subjected to 
attachment, execution or other judicial seizure which is not discharged 
within thirty (30) days. If a court of competent jurisdiction determines 
that any of the acts described in this subsection (d) is not a default 
under this Lease, and a trustee is appointed to take possession (or if 
Tenant remains a debtor in possession) and such trustee or Tenant transfers 
Tenants interest hereunder, then Landlord shall receive, as Additional 
Rent, the difference between the rent (or any other consideration) paid in 
connection with such assignment or sublease and the rent payable by Tenant 
hereunder; or
 
(e) If any representation or warranty made by Tenant or by a subtenant or 
assignee in connection with this Lease shall have been false or misleading 
as of the date such representation or warranty was made.
 
ARTICLE 25
LANDLORDS REMEDIES
 
Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default by Tenant, Landlord may, at any 
time thereafter, with or without notice or demand and without limiting 
Landlord in the exercise of any right or remedy which Landlord may have:
 
(a) Terminate Tenants right to possession of the Premises by any lawful 
means, in which case this Lease shall terminate and Tenant shall 
immediately surrender possession of the Premises to Landlord. In such 
event, Landlord shall be entitled to recover from Tenant all damages 
incurred by Landlord by reason of Tenants default, including without 
limitation (i) the worth at the time of the award of the unpaid Base Rent, 
Additional Rent and other charges which had been earned at the time of the 
termination; (ii) the worth at the time of the award of the amount by which 
the unpaid Base Rent, Additional Rent and other charges which would have 
been earned after termination until the time of the award exceeds the 
amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves could have been reasonably 
avoided; (iii) the worth at the time of the award of the amount by which 
the unpaid Base Rent, Additional Rent and other charges which would have 
been paid for the balance of the Lease term after the time of award exceeds 
the amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves could have been 
reasonably avoided; and (iv) any other amount necessary to compensate 
Landlord for all the detriment proximately caused by Tenants failure to 
perform its obligations under the Lease or which in the ordinary course of 
things would be likely to result therefrom, including, but not limited to, 
any costs or expenses incurred by Landlord in maintaining or preserving the 
Premises after such default, the cost of recovering possession of the 
Premises, expenses of reletting, including necessary renovation or 
alteration of the Premises, Landlords reasonable attorneys fees incurred 
in connection therewith, and any real estate commission paid or payable. As 
used in subparts (i) and (ii) above, the worth at the time of the award 
is computed by allowing interest on unpaid amounts at the rate of eighteen 
percent (18%) per annum, or such lesser amount as may then be the maximum 
lawful rate, accruing the date such payments are due until paid. As used in 
subpart (iii) above, the worth at the time of the award is computed by 
discounting such amount at the discount rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
San Francisco at the time of the award, plus one percent (1%);
 
(b) Maintain Tenants right to possession, in which case this Lease shall 
continue in effect whether or not Tenant shall have abandoned the Premises. 
In such event, Landlord shall be entitled to enforce all of Landlords 
rights and remedies under this Lease, including the right to recover Rent 
as it becomes due hereunder. Landlords election to maintain Tenants right 
to possession shall not prejudice Landlords right, at any time thereafter 
to terminate Tenants right to possession and proceed in accordance with 
Section 25(a) above; or
 
(c) Pursue any other remedy now or hereafter available to Landlord under 
Laws or judicial decisions of the State of Nevada.
 
Landlords exercise of any right or remedy shall not prevent it from 
exercising any other right or remedy.
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 26
LANDLORDS DEFAULT
 
Landlord shall be in default hereunder in the event Landlord has not begun 
and pursued with reasonable diligence the cure of any failure of Landlord 
to meet its obligations hereunder within thirty (30) days of receipt by 
Landlord of written notice from Tenant of the alleged failure to perform. 
In no event shall Tenant have the right to terminate or rescind this Lease 
as a result of Landlords default as to any covenant or agreement contained 
in this Lease or as a result of the breach of any promise or inducement 
hereof, whether in the Lease or elsewhere. Tenant hereby waives such 
remedies of termination and recession and hereby agrees that Tenants 
remedies for default hereunder and for breach of any promise or inducement 
shall be limited to a suit for damages and/or injunction. In addition, 
Tenant hereby covenants that, prior to the exercise of any such remedies, 
it will give any Mortgagee notice and a reasonable time to cure any default 
by Landlord.
 
ARTICLE 27
PEACEFUL ENJOYMENT
 
Tenant shall, and may peacefully have, hold, and enjoy the Premises, 
subject to the other terms hereof, provided that Tenant pays the Rent and 
other sums herein recited to be paid by Tenant and performs all of Tenants 
covenants and agreements herein contained. This covenant and any and all 
other covenants of Landlord shall be binding upon Landlord and its 
successors only with respect to breaches occurring during its or their 
respective periods of ownership of Landlords interest hereunder. Landlord 
shall be entitled to cause Tenant to relocate from the Premises to other 
space (a Relocation Space) within the Building at any time after 
reasonable written notice of Landlords election (not in excess of ninety 
(90) days) is given to Tenant. Any such relocation shall be entirely at the 
expense of Landlord or the third party tenant replacing Tenant in the 
Premises. Such a relocation shall not terminate or otherwise affect or 
modify this Lease except that from and after the date of such relocation, 
Premises shall refer to the Relocation Space into which Tenant has been 
moved, rather than the original Premises as herein defined.
 
ARTICLE 28
HOLDING OVER
 
In the event of holding over by Tenant after the expiration or other 
termination of this Lease or in the event Tenant continues to occupy the 
Premises after the termination of Tenants right of possession pursuant to 
Article 25 above, Tenant shall, throughout the entire holdover period, pay 
rent equal to twice the Base Rent and Additional Rent which would have been 
applicable had the term of this Lease continued through the period of such 
holding over by Tenant. If Tenant remains in possession of all or any part 
of the Premises after the expiration of the Lease Term, with the express 
written consent of Landlord: (a) such tenancy will be deemed to be a 
periodic tenancy from month-to-month only; (b) such tenancy will not 
constitute a renewal or extension of this Lease for any further term; and 
(c) such tenancy may be terminated by Landlord upon the earlier of thirty 
(30) days prior written notice or the earliest date permitted by law. Such 
month-to-month tenancy will be subject to every other term, condition, and 
covenant contained in this Lease including the Base Rent and Additional 
Rent provisions. Nothing contained in this Article 28 shall be construed as 
consent by Landlord to any holding over of the Premises by Tenant, and 
Landlord expressly reserves the right to require Tenant to surrender 
possession of the Premises to Landlord upon the expiration or earlier 
termination of this Lease. If Tenant fails to surrender the Premises upon 
the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease despite demand to do so 
by Landlord, Tenant shall indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from all 
loss or liability, including, without limitation, any claim made by any 
succeeding tenant founded on or resulting from such failure to surrender.
 
ARTICLE 29
SUBORDINATION TO MORTGAGE
 
Tenant accepts this Lease subject and subordinate to any mortgage, deed of 
trust or other lien presently existing or hereafter arising upon the 
Premises, upon the Building as a whole, and to any renewals, refinancing 
and extensions thereof, but Tenant agrees that any such Mortgagee shall 
have the right at any time to subordinate such mortgage, deed of trust or 
other lien to this Lease on such terms and subject to such conditions as 
such Mortgagee may deem appropriate in its discretion. Landlord is hereby 
irrevocably vested with full power and authority to subordinate this Lease 
to any mortgage, deed of trust or other lien now existing or hereafter 
placed upon the Premises, or the Building as a whole, and Tenant agrees 
upon demand to execute such further instruments subordinating this Lease or 
attorning to the holder of any such liens as Landlord may request. In the 
event that any mortgage or deed of trust is foreclosed or conveyance in 
lieu of foreclosure is made for any reason, Tenant shall, if requested by 
the Mortgagee, attorn to and become the Tenant of the successor-in-interest 
to Landlord and in such event Tenant hereby waives its right under any 
current or future law which gives or purports to give Tenant any right to 
terminate or otherwise adversely affect this Lease and the obligations of 
Tenant hereunder. If in connection with obtaining construction, interim or 
permanent financing for the Building, the lender shall request 
modifications to this Lease as a condition to such financing, Tenant will 
not withhold or delay its consent thereto, provided that such modifications 
do not increase the obligations of Tenant hereunder and
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
do not otherwise materially adversely affect Tenants rights hereunder. In 
the event that Tenant should fail to execute any instrument described in 
this Article 29 promptly as requested, Tenant hereby irrevocably 
constitutes Landlord as its attorney-in-fact to execute such instrument in 
Tenants name, place and stead, it being agreed that such power is one 
coupled with an interest. Tenant agrees that it will from time to time 
within ten (10) business days following a request by Landlord execute and 
deliver to such persons as Landlord shall request a statement in recordable 
form certifying that this Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect 
(or if there have been modifications, that the same is in full force and 
effect as so modified), stating the dates to which rent and other charges 
payable under the Lease have been paid, stating that Landlord is not in 
default hereunder (or if Tenant alleges a default stating the nature of 
such alleged default) and further stating such other matters as Landlord 
shall reasonably require. Tenant acknowledges that any such statement may 
be relied upon by any Mortgagee, prospective Mortgagee, purchaser or 
prospective purchaser of the Building or any interest therein.
 
ARTICLE 30
LANDLORDS LIEN
 
Tenant hereby grants to Landlord a lien and security interest on all 
property of Tenant now or hereafter placed in or upon the Premises, and 
such property shall be and remain subject to such lien and security 
interest of Landlord for payment of all rent and other sums agreed to be 
paid by Tenant herein. The provisions of this paragraph relating to such 
lien and security interest shall constitute a security agreement under and 
subject to the Nevada Uniform Commercial Code so that Landlord shall have 
and may enforce a security interest on all property of Tenant now or 
hereafter placed in or on the Premises, in addition to and cumulative of 
the Landlords liens and rights provided by law or by the other terms and 
provisions of this Lease. Tenant agrees to execute as debtor such financing 
statement or statements as Landlord now or hereafter may request. Landlord 
may at its election at any time file a copy of this Lease as a financing 
statement. Notwithstanding the above, Landlord shall neither sell nor 
withhold from Tenant, Tenants business records.
 
ARTICLE 31
ATTORNEYS FEES
 
If either party commences litigation or arbitration against the other for 
the specific performance of any provision of this Lease, for damages for 
the breach hereof or otherwise for enforcement of any remedy hereunder, the 
prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party such 
costs and reasonable attorney fees as may have been incurred.
 
ARTICLE 32
NO IMPLIED WAIVER
 
The failure of Landlord to insist at any time upon the strict performance 
of any covenant or agreement herein, or to exercise any option, right, 
power or remedy contained in this Lease, shall not be construed as a waiver 
or a relinquishment thereof for the future. No payment by Tenant or receipt 
by Landlord of a lesser amount than the monthly installment of Rent due 
under this Lease shall be deemed to be other than on account of the 
earliest Rent due hereunder, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any 
check or any letter accompanying any check or payment as Rent be deemed an 
accord and satisfaction, and Landlord may accept such check or payment 
without prejudice to Landlords right to recover the balance of such rent 
or pursue any other remedy in this Lease provided.
 
ARTICLE 33
PERSONAL LIABILITY
 
The liability of Landlord to Tenant for any default by Landlord under the 
terms of this Lease shall be limited to the lesser of (i) the interest of 
Landlord in the Building, or (ii) the interest Landlord would have in said 
Building if the same were encumbered by third party debt in an amount equal 
to eighty percent (80%) of the value of said Building (as such value is 
determined by Landlord) and Tenant agrees to look solely to such amount for 
recovery of any judgment from Landlord, it being intended that Landlord 
shall not be personally liable for any judgment or deficiency.
 
ARTICLE 34
SECURITY DEPOSIT/LETTER OF CREDIT
 
As a condition of this Lease, in lieu of a third-party guaranty, Tenant 
shall, with delivery of the Lease executed by Tenant, deliver to Landlord 
an unconditional and irrevocable letter of credit, in a form approved by 
Landlord, from a commercial banking institution which is a member of FDIC 
with assets of more than $250,000,000.00, approved by Landlord, in the 
amount of $100,000.00 (Letter of Credit) to be held by Landlord as 
security for the performance by Tenant of all the covenants and obligations 
of Tenant set forth in this Lease. Tenant shall submit its proposed form of 
Letter of Credit
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
prior to execution of the Lease for Landlords review and approval. Tenant 
acknowledges and agrees that it shall keep the Letter of Credit in full 
force and effect throughout the Term of this Lease (and any extension or 
renewal thereof) and for thirty (30) days following the end thereof. In the 
event the term of the Letter of Credit must be renewed annually, then not 
less than thirty (30) days prior to any expiration date of the Letter of 
Credit (Renewal Deadline), Tenant shall provide Landlord with a 
replacement Letter of Credit or extension amendment.
 
Said Letter of Credit shall contain terms whereby it can be drawn on by 
Landlord at sight on any date during its term on which issuer shall receive 
from Landlord a certification signed by Landlord stating that an Event of 
Default has occurred by Tenant under this Lease or that Tenant has failed 
to provide a replacement Letter of Credit, as required under the Lease. 
Tenant acknowledges that the Landlord is the beneficiary of the Letter of 
Credit and the proceeds thereof are not the property of the Tenant. 
Landlord shall have the right, but not the obligation, to apply the 
proceeds against any or all amounts then due and owing by Tenant hereunder 
and/or against sums expended by Landlord, including attorneys fees. Such 
actions by Landlord do not negate Tenants obligations to pay Rental 
thereafter. Any balance left of the sum received from drawing on the Letter 
of Credit, after the curing of defaults and/or the payment of amounts due 
by Tenant, shall be held by Landlord, as beneficiary, until the earlier of 
the replacement of the Letter of Credit, as required below, or thirty (30) 
days following the end of the Term of this Lease (and any extension or 
renewal thereof).
 
The original Letter of Credit or any portion of the proceeds which are not 
utilized by Landlord for any purpose permitted under this Lease shall be 
returned to the issuing banking institution within thirty (30) days after 
the end of the Term provided Tenant has performed all of the remaining 
obligations imposed upon Tenant pursuant to this Lease.
 
In the event Landlord shall draw on any Letter of Credit provided by 
Tenant, Tenant shall replace same no later than thirty (30) days after the 
date of such drawing and, if same is not replaced, such failure shall 
constitute an additional Event of Default under the terms of this Lease and 
Landlord shall have the benefit of all remedies permitted pursuant to the 
terms of this Lease and the laws of the State where the Premises are 
located.
 
ARTICLE 35
NOTICE
 
Any notice in this Lease provided for must, unless otherwise expressly 
provided herein, be in writing, and may, unless otherwise in this Lease 
expressly provided, be given or be served by depositing the same in the 
United States mail, postage paid and certified and addressed to the party 
to be notified, with return receipt requested, or by delivering the same in 
person to an officer of such party, or by prepaid telegram, when 
appropriate, addressed to the party to be notified at the address stated in 
this Lease or such other address, notice of which has been given to the 
other party. Notice deposited in the mail in the manner hereinabove 
described shall be effective from and after the expiration of three (3) 
calendar days after it is so deposited.
 
ARTICLE 36
SEVERABILITY
 
If any term or provision of this Lease, or the application thereof to any 
person or circumstance shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, 
the remainder of this Lease, or the application of such term or provision 
to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid 
or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each term and 
provision of this Lease shall be valid and enforced to the fullest extent 
permitted by law notwithstanding the invalidity of any other term or 
provision hereof.
 
ARTICLE 37
RECORDATION
 
Tenant agrees not to record this Lease or any memorandum hereof.
 
ARTICLE 38
GOVERNING LAW
 
This Lease and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be 
interpreted, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the 
State of Nevada.
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

ARTICLE 39
FORCE MAJEURE
 
Whenever a period of time is herein prescribed for the taking of any action 
by Landlord, Landlord shall not be liable or responsible for, and there 
shall be excluded from the computation of such period of time, any delays 
due to strikes, riots, acts of God, shortages of labor or materials, war, 
governmental laws, regulations or restrictions, or any other cause 
whatsoever beyond the control of Landlord.
 
ARTICLE 40
TIME OF PERFORMANCE
 
Except as expressly otherwise herein provided, with respect to all required 
acts of Tenant, time is of the essence of this Lease.
 
ARTICLE 41
TRANSFERS BY LANDLORD
 
Landlord shall have the right to transfer and assign, in whole or in part, 
all its rights and obligations hereunder and in the Building and property 
referred to herein, and in such event and upon such transfer Landlord shall 
be released from any further obligations hereunder, and Tenant agrees to 
look solely to such successor in interest of Landlord for the performance 
of such obligations.
 
ARTICLE 42
COMMISSIONS
 
Except for a commission to be paid by Landlord to CB Richard Ellis 
(Broker) in accordance with a separate commission agreement to be entered 
into by Landlord and Broker, Landlord and Tenant hereby indemnify and hold 
each other harmless against any loss, claim, expense or liability with 
respect to any commissions or brokerage fees claimed on account of the 
execution and/or renewal of this Lease due to any action of the 
indemnifying party.
 
ARTICLE 43
EFFECT OF DELIVERY OF THIS LEASE
 
Landlord has delivered a copy of this Lease to Tenant for Tenants review 
only, and the delivery hereof does not constitute an offer to Tenant or 
option. This Lease shall not be effective until a copy executed by both 
Landlord and Tenant is delivered to and accepted by Landlord.
 
ARTICLE 44
CORPORATE AUTHORITY; PARTNERSHIP AUTHORITY
 
If Tenant is a corporation, each person signing this Lease on behalf of 
Tenant represents and warrants that he or she has full authority to do so 
and that this Lease binds the corporation. Within thirty (30) days after 
this Lease is signed, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a certified copy of 
a resolution of Tenants Board of Directors authorizing the execution of 
this Lease or other evidence of such authority reasonably acceptable to 
Landlord. If Tenant is a partnership, each person signing this Lease for 
Tenant represents and warrants that he or she is a general partner of the 
partnership, that he or she has full authority to sign for the partnership 
and that this Lease binds the partnership and all general partners of the 
partnership. Tenant shall give written notice to Landlord of any general 
partners withdrawal or addition. Within thirty (30) days after this Lease 
is signed, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a copy of Tenants recorded 
statement of partnership or certificate of limited partnership.
 
ARTICLE 45
JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY
 
All parties signing this Lease as Tenant shall be jointly and severally 
liable for all obligations of Tenant.
 
ARTICLE 46
INTERPRETATION
 
The captions of the Articles of this Lease, and each specific Section 
within the respective Articles, are to assist the parties in reading this 
Lease and are not a part of the terms or provisions of this Lease. Whenever 
required by the context of this Lease, the singular shall include the 
plural and the plural shall include the singular. The masculine, feminine 
and neuter genders shall each include the other. In any provision relating 
to the conduct, acts or omissions of Tenant, the term Tenant shall 
include Tenants agents, employees, contractors, invitees, successors or 
others using the Premises with Tenants expressed or implied permission.
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 47
INCORPORATION OF PRIOR AGREEMENTS; MODIFICATIONS
 
This Lease is the only agreement between the parties pertaining to the 
lease of the Premises and no other agreements are effective. All amendments 
to this Lease shall be in writing and signed by all parties. Any other 
attempted amendment shall be void.
 
ARTICLE 48
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
 
Landlord and Tenant by this Article 48 waive trial by jury in any action, 
proceeding, or counterclaim brought by either of the parties to this Lease 
against the other on any matters whatsoever arising out of or in any way 
connected with this Lease, the relationship of Landlord and Tenant, 
Tenants use or occupancy of the Premises, or any other claims (except 
claims for personal injury or property damage), and any emergency statutory 
or any other statutory remedy.
 
ARTICLE 49
NO MERGER
 
The voluntary or other surrender of this Lease by Tenant or the 
cancellation of this Lease by mutual agreement of Tenant and Landlord or 
the termination of this Lease on account of Tenants default will not work 
a merger, and will, at Landlords option, (a) terminate all or any 
subleases and subtenancies or (b) operate as an assignment to Landlord of 
all or any subleases or subtenancies. Landlords option under this Article 
49 will be exercised by written notice to Tenant and all known sublessees 
or subtenants in the Premises or any part of the Premises.
 
ARTICLE 50
COUNTERPARTS
 
This Lease may be executed in counterparts, and, when all counterpart 
documents are executed, the counterparts shall constitute a single binding 
instrument.
 
ARTICLE 51
EXHIBITS
 
All Exhibits as listed on the List of Exhibits and as attached hereto are 
incorporated herein and made a part of this Lease for all purposes.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have executed this Lease (which may 
be in multiple original counterparts) as of the day and year first above 
written.
 
Address:
 
10000 West Charleston Boulevard, Suite 200
Las Vegas, Nevada 89135
Attention: Property Management
 
LANDLORD:
HOWARD HUGHES PROPERTIES, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a Delaware limited 
partnership
 
By its sole general partner:
THE HOWARD HUGHES CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation
 
By:
/s/ Kevin T. Orrock
 
 
Print Name:
Kevin T. Orrock
 
 
Print Title:
Top Division Executive
 
Address:
6830 Spencer Street
Las Vegas, Nevada 89119
Attention: Arnaldo Galassi
agalassi@vendingdata.com
 
TENANT:
VENDING DATA CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation
 
By:
/s/ Arnaldo F. Galassi
 
 
Print Name:
Arnaldo F. Galassi
 
 
Print Title:
VP & CFO
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
LEGAL DESCRIPTION FOR BUILDING  EXHIBIT A
 
EXHIBIT A
CANYONS CENTER
LEGAL DESCRIPTION FOR BUILDING
 
THAT PORTION OF SECTION 30, TOWNSHIP 20 SOUTH, RANGE 60 EAST, M.D.M., CITY 
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
 
A PORTION OF LOT 3, OF A SUMMERLIN VILLAGE 3, UNIT 1A  A PLANNED 
COMMUNITY, AS SHOWN BY A MAP THEREOF ON FILE IN BOOK 71, PAGE 10 OF PLATS 
IN THE CLARK COUNTY RECORDERS OFFICE, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
 
CONTAINING APPROXIMATELY 6.80 ACRES.
 
Landlord, from time to time, shall have the right to amend this legal 
description to accurately reflect the legal parcel if and when it becomes 
necessary to adjust the legal description to accommodate the development of 
other adjacent buildings.
 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FLOOR PLAN OF PREMISES  EXHIBIT B
 
EXHIBIT B
CANYONS CENTER
FLOOR PLAN OF PREMISES
 
[GRAPHIC]
 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
PARKING AGREEMENT  EXHIBIT C
 
EXHIBIT C
CANYONS CENTER
PARKING AGREEMENT
 
This Parking Agreement is incorporated by reference into that certain Lease 
Agreement dated as of ___, 2006 between VENDING DATA CORPORATION as Tenant 
and HOWARD HUGHES PROPERTIES, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP as Landlord (the 
Lease).
 
1. Parking Facilities. The parking facilities appurtenant to the Building 
include asphalt surface parking with some covered spaces (Parking Area). 
Tenant shall be entitled to use six (6) vehicle parking spaces within the 
covered portions of the Parking Area and fifteen (15) vehicle parking 
spaces within the uncovered portions of the Parking Area for the monthly 
parking of Tenants employees. Tenants use of the Parking Area shall be 
based upon a non-exclusive use in common with Landlord, other tenants of 
the Building, and their guests and invitees. Tenant shall not use more 
parking spaces than said number, or any spaces (a) which have been 
specifically assigned by Landlord to other tenants or for such other uses 
as visitor parking or (b) which have been designated by governmental 
entities of competent jurisdiction as being restricted to certain uses. 
Landlord reserves the right to erect such security and access and egress 
control devices as it may reasonably deem to be appropriate (including, 
without limitation card controlled gates) and Tenant agrees to cooperate 
fully with Landlord in such matters. Tenant shall not permit or allow any 
vehicles that belong to or are controlled by Tenant or Tenants employees, 
suppliers, shippers, customers, or invitees to be loaded, unloaded, or 
parked in areas other than those designated by Landlord for such 
activities. If Tenant permits or allows any of such prohibited activities, 
then Landlord shall have the right, without notice, in addition to such 
other rights and remedies that it may have, to remove or tow away the 
vehicle involved and charge the cost to Tenant, which cost shall be 
immediately payable upon demand by Landlord.
 
2. Parking Fee. Tenant shall pay, throughout the entire Term, an amount 
equal to the number of parking spaces Tenant is entitled to use times the 
applicable fees (the Parking Fees) which Landlord is charging for use of 
the parking facilities. Currently, Landlord is charging Forty and 00/100 
Dollars ($40.00) per space per month for covered parking and Zero Dollars 
($0.00) per space per month for uncovered parking. Landlord shall have the 
right from time to time to increase the Parking Fees being charged Tenant 
upon thirty (30) days prior written notice, which Parking Fees shall in no 
event exceed the rates then being charged for parking in comparable parking 
areas having a comparable method of operation. Tenant agrees and 
acknowledges that Tenant shall be obligated to pay such rates regardless of 
whether or not Tenant actually uses or needs the parking spaces which 
Tenant is entitled to use. Such Parking Fees shall be payable monthly 
commencing with the first installment of Base Rent due under the Lease. If 
the Commencement Date is other than the first day of a calendar month, the 
first installment of the Parking Fees shall be prorated on the basis of a 
thirty (30) day calendar month.
 
3. Definitions. All capitalized terms contained in this Parking Agreement 
that are not defined herein shall have the same definition as set forth in 
the Lease.
 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
WORK LETTER  EXHIBIT D
 
EXHIBIT D
CANYONS CENTER
WORK LETTER
 
This Work Letter supplements the Lease Agreement (the Lease) dated 
concurrently herewith, by and between HOWARD HUGHES PROPERTIES, LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP, a Delaware limited partnership, as Landlord, and VENDING DATA 
CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation, as Tenant, covering the Premises. All 
terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning as set forth in the 
Lease.
 
1. Construction of Building.
 
1.1 Base Building Improvements.
 
Landlord has constructed, or shall construct, through its contractor, at 
Landlords sole cost, a building shell, including the following (Base 
Building Improvements):
 
(a)
 
outside walls (not including drywall), core walls which are unfinished on 
tenants side, elevator lobby and corridor which connect exit stairwells on 
multi-tenant floors (but not an elevator lobby or corridor on floors with a 
single tenant);
(b)
 
unfinished concrete floors throughout the Premises, broom clean;
(c)
 
building standard 110-volt service power and 277-volt and/or 110-volt 
florescent lighting power at the core;
(d)
 
mens and womens restroom facilities with building-standard finishes 
located on each floor on which the Premises are located;
(e)
 
building standard fire alarms and smoke detectors in public areas in 
accordance with applicable building code on an unoccupied basis and 
provided only at the core of the Building;
(f)
 
plumbing systems stubbed at the core of the Building;
(g)
 
primary fire and life safety in a general pattern sprinkler loop throughout 
the Premises ready for expansion and adjustment when the ceiling for the 
Premises is installed; and
(h)
 
primary heating ventilating and air conditioners loop (but not including 
branch distribution controls and mixing boxes).
 
1.2 Tenant Improvements Descriptions.
 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing description of Base 
Building Improvements, tenant improvements (Tenant Improvements) shall 
include the following items:
 
(a)
 
ceiling and lighting in the Premises;
(b)
 
floor finishes in the Premises;
(c)
 
interior finishes of any kind within the Premises;
(d)
 
interior partitions, demising walls, doors and hardware within the 
Premises;
(e)
 
terminal boxes and reheat coils or other heating, ventilating and air 
conditioning or air distribution devices, including distribution duct work 
and controls or supplemental systems;
(f)
 
distribution of electrical services, plumbing services and sprinklers from 
the core (except primary sprinkler loop as specified in base building 
description);
(g)
 
fire and life safety systems throughout the Premises, including without 
limitation exit signs, horn/strobe or intercoms and extinguishers (except 
as provided in Base Building Improvements);
(h)
 
window coverings;
(i)
 
architectural and engineering preparation of plans and specifications for 
the Tenant Improvements to conform to building standards;
(j)
 
permits and fees to local jurisdictions; and
(k)
 
construction costs related to obtaining final approval of government 
agencies in order to obtain the Certificate of Occupancy.
 
2. Plans and Specifications for Tenant Improvements
 
2.1 Landlord shall retain a licensed architect (Architect) to prepare the 
plans and specifications for the Tenant Improvements; provided, however, 
Tenant shall directly work with the Architect to prepare the preliminary 
plans and final plans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant may retain its 
own licensed architect to design and prepare the preliminary plans and 
final plans; provided, however, such plans and specifications shall be 
submitted to Landlords Architect for review and to
 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Landlord for approval. All such plans and specifications shall be submitted 
to Landlord in accordance with the schedule set forth in Section 6 below.
 
2.2 Tenant shall cause the Architect to furnish to Landlord for Landlords 
approval space plans sufficient to convey the architectural design of the 
Premises, including, without limitation, the location of doors, partitions, 
electrical and telephone outlets, plumbing fixtures, heavy floor loads and 
other special requirements, together with reflective ceiling plans (
Tenants Preliminary Space Plans). If Landlord shall disapprove of any 
portion of Tenants Preliminary Space Plans, Landlord shall advise Tenant 
of such revisions, and reasons therefor, as are reasonably required by 
Landlord for the purpose of obtaining approval. Tenant shall then submit to 
Landlord, for Landlords approval, a redesign of Tenants Preliminary Space 
Plans, incorporating the revisions required by Landlord and such 
modifications thereof as are suggested by Tenant, said modifications to be 
subsequently approved by Landlord prior to Tenants submission of Final 
Plans (as hereinafter defined).
 
2.3 Tenant shall cause the Architect to prepare from Tenants Preliminary 
Space Plans (approved by Landlord in accordance with Section 2.2 above) 
complete architectural plans, drawings and specifications and, utilizing 
Landlords mechanical, electrical and structural engineers, complete 
engineered and cross coordinated mechanical, electrical and structural 
working drawings for (i) all of the Premises, showing the subdivision, 
layout, finish and decoration work (including carpeting and other floor 
coverings) desired by Tenant therefor, and (ii) any internal or external 
communications or special utility facilities which will require conduiting 
or other improvements within common areas, all in such form and in such 
detail as may be reasonably required by Landlord. Such complete plans, 
drawings and specifications are referred to herein as the Final Plans. 
Tenants Final Plans shall (i) be compatible with the Base Building 
Improvements, (ii) comply with all applicable laws and ordinances, and the 
rules and regulations of all governmental authorities having jurisdiction, 
and (iii) comply with Landlords insurance company requirements. Tenant 
shall submit the Final Plans for the approval of Landlord in the same 
manner as provided in Section 2.2 above for approval by Landlord of 
Tenants Preliminary Space Plans.
 
2.4 Tenant acknowledges that, unless specifically shown as Landlords 
responsibility on the Final Plans, the Tenant Improvements shall not 
include, nor shall Landlord be responsible for the design, construction or 
installation of, various nonstructural items which Tenant may find 
desirable for the Premises including, without limitation, furniture, trade 
fixtures, office equipment, telephone, telecommunications and data 
equipment and systems, plantscaping, artwork or cabling required in 
connection with any of these items. Notwithstanding the fact that 
Landlords architects and engineers shall have the right to review Tenants 
Preliminary Space Plans and Tenants Final Plans, Tenant shall be solely 
responsible for the design and function of such plans, including, without 
limitation, their integration with all of the Buildings systems. A list of 
standard improvements for space within the Building (Building Standards) 
is available to Tenant upon request. All Tenant Improvements shall be of 
equal or greater quality than the Building Standards; provided that Tenant 
shall be required to utilize Building Standard window blinds, ceiling 
systems and light fixtures.
 
2.5 Landlord shall cooperate with Tenant in obtaining approval of the Final 
Plans by all governmental agencies having jurisdiction.
 
2.6 Tenant shall cause the Architect to provide documentation for all 
changes to the Final Plans at the time each change is authorized for 
construction.
 
3. Allowance for Work and Work Costs.
 
3.1 Tenant shall receive from Landlord the Allowance as specified in the 
Lease, which Allowance shall be used solely for Work Costs (as that term 
is defined in Section 3.2 below). All Tenant Improvements, whether or not 
the cost thereof is covered by the Allowance, shall become the property of 
Landlord upon expiration or earlier termination of the Lease and shall 
remain on the Premises at all times during the Lease Term. Tenant shall be 
entitled to no other payment or rent reduction for any part of the 
Allowance not utilized by Tenant. The Allowance must be utilized by Tenant 
within one (1) year of the Commencement Date. If the Allowance or any 
portion thereof is not utilized within such time period Tenant shall 
forfeit its right to receive the unpaid portion of the Allowance whether or 
not the Tenant Improvements have been completed, and Landlord shall have no 
obligation to make payment thereof.
 
In the event Landlord has made payment of the Allowance to Tenant and this 
Lease subsequently terminates prior to the end of the Term due to an Event 
of Default by Tenant or this Lease is assigned, conveyed or transferred to 
another entity or to the surviving corporation in connection with a merger, 
consolidation or acquisition of Tenant (other than Tenants parent, 
subsidiary or affiliate), Tenant shall be required to repay Landlord, upon 
demand, a portion of the Allowance received (whether by cash or credit) 
determined by multiplying the total amount of the Allowance received 
(whether by cash or credit) by a
 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of months remaining of 
the Lease Term, and the denominator of which shall be the full Lease Term.
 
3.2 As used herein, Work Costs mean (i) all fees and expenses incurred by 
Landlord and Tenant in connection with the design and construction of the 
Tenant Improvements, including, without limitation, architectural and 
engineering fees for the review of Tenants Preliminary Space Plans and 
Final Plans (ii) the actual contractor costs and charges for material and 
labor, contractors profit, overhead and general conditions incurred by 
Landlord in having the Tenant Improvements constructed in accordance with 
the Final Plans, (iii) governmental agency plan check, permit and other 
fees and sales and use taxes, (iv) testing and inspection costs, (v) any 
paint touch-up or repair work necessary due to Tenants move into the 
Premises, (vi) all other costs expended or to be expended by Landlord in 
the construction of the Tenant Improvements including a charge for VAV 
boxes on the floors upon which the Premises is located, mini-blinds within 
the Premises, fluorescent light fixtures, air balancing, and other 
pre-stocked materials, and (vii) a fee to be paid to Landlord equal to ten 
percent (10%) of all Work Costs for administration by Landlord of 
construction of the Tenant Improvements.
 
3.3 As promptly as practicable following Landlords approval of the Final 
Plans, Landlord shall submit to Tenant a written estimate of Work Costs of 
all Tenant Improvements. Thereupon, Tenant shall either approve the 
estimate or disapprove specific items and submit to Landlord revisions of 
Final Plans to reflect the deletion of and/or substitution for such 
disapproved items. Any such deletions and/or substitutions to the Final 
Plans will be processed in accordance with Section 3.8 below. Upon Tenants 
final written approval of said estimate, such approved estimate to be 
referred to herein as the Work Costs Estimate, Landlord shall have the 
right to purchase materials as set forth on the Final Plans and to commence 
the construction of the items included in said Work Costs Estimate pursuant 
to Section 4 hereof.
 
3.4 The parties acknowledge that Landlord has pre-stocked certain 
Building Standards improvement items for use in the Building, which items 
must be used by Tenant for construction of the Tenant Improvements.
 
3.5 If the Final Plans or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto shall 
require changes in the Base Building Improvements, the increased cost of 
the Base Building Improvements caused by such changes shall be charged as 
Work Costs. The cost thereof shall include all direct architectural and/or 
engineering fees and expenses in connection therewith.
 
3.6 Landlords written estimate of Work Costs shall include a reasonable 
contingency to allow for changes in the Tenant Improvements and/or other 
unforeseen costs and expenses arising after Tenants approval thereof.
 
3.7 In the event that the Work Costs Estimate exceeds the Allowance, Tenant 
shall pay one hundred percent (100%) of such excess (Over Allowance) to 
Landlord within ten (10) days after Tenants approval of the Work Costs 
Estimate; provided, however, Landlord shall not be required to commence 
construction of the Tenant Improvements until Landlord receives the 
Over-Allowance.
 
3.8 Any changes to the approved Final Plans (Changes) which are requested 
by Tenant or required by any governmental agency shall be forwarded to 
Landlord for approval and costing. If Landlord approves of the Changes, 
Tenant shall be given a written cost estimate for the completion of said 
Changes which must be approved by Tenant prior to construction of the 
Changes. Landlord shall pay the cost of the Changes to the extent of any 
remaining Allowance and to the extent the revised contract amount exceeds 
the Allowance, Tenant shall pay the cost of the Changes as an 
Over-Allowance within ten (10) days pursuant to Section 3.7 above. Any 
delay in the construction of Tenant Improvements as a result of Changes 
shall be a Tenant Delay (as defined in Section 7 below).
 
4. Construction.
 
4.1 Following Tenants approval of Landlords Work Costs Estimate, Tenants 
payment of initial amounts payable under Section 3.7 above and receipt by 
Landlord of all relevant governmental agency approvals and permits, and at 
such time when, in Landlords sole discretion, the Building has reached the 
stage of construction where it is appropriate to commence construction of 
Tenant Improvements, Landlord shall cause its general contractor (General 
Contractor) to commence the construction of the Tenant Improvements. The 
bid process, if any, for the General Contractor shall be mutually agreed 
upon by Landlords construction representative and Tenants construction 
representative. Landlord and/or such General Contractor shall have the 
right to cause all or any portion of such work to be performed by one or 
more subcontractors. Landlord shall furnish Tenant with a schedule setting 
forth the projected completion dates therefor and showing the deadlines for 
any actions required to be taken by Tenant during such construction, and 
Landlord may from time to time during the prosecution of the Tenant 
Improvements reasonably modify or amend such schedule due to delays 
encountered by Landlord. Within sixty (60) days after the date of 
substantial completion of the Tenant Improvements, the General
 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Contractor shall submit to Landlord a set of conformed reproducible 
as-built plans incorporating all field changes made and all changes 
and/or revisions that have been made subsequent to Landlords approval of 
the Final Plans.
 
4.2 In connection with the construction of the Tenant Improvements, each 
party shall be entitled to rely upon the other partys construction 
representative who shall be as follows: Landlords construction 
representative (Landlords Construction Representative): Andrew 
Bernhardy, Tenants construction representative (Tenants Construction 
Representative):                                          [TO BE 
DESIGNATED PRIOR TO EXECUTION]. Each respective construction representative 
shall have the authority to make binding commitments relative to the Tenant 
Improvements on behalf of the party appointing such construction 
representative. All inquiries of Tenant pertaining to construction of the 
Tenant Improvements shall be directed in writing to Landlords Construction 
Representative. A party may designate a substitute construction 
representative by giving written notice to the other party at any time. Any 
representatives of Tenant who desires to visit the Premises during 
construction of the Tenant Improvements must obtain the prior consent of 
Landlord and the General Contractor. Such consent shall be obtained from 
Landlords Construction Representative only by Tenants Construction 
Representative.
 
5. Punch List.
 
On or before the date upon Tenant occupies the Premises, Landlord shall 
cause the General Contractor to inspect the Premises with Landlords 
Construction Representative and Tenants Construction Representative and to 
complete a written punch list of unfinished items of Tenant Improvements 
prior to Tenants move into the Premises. Tenants Construction 
Representative shall execute said written punch list to indicate approval 
thereof, and Landlord shall cause the General Contractor to correct all 
such punch list items with reasonable diligence.
 
6. Schedule.
 
Preparation and approval of Tenants Preliminary Space Plans, Final Plans 
and the Work Costs Estimate shall proceed as indicated below and each 
action shall be completed on or before the date herein specified. Time is 
of the essence.
 
 
 
Action
 
Responsibility
 
Due Date
(i)
 
Executed Lease or Reimbursement Agreement
 
Tenant
 
November 22, 2006
(ii)
 
Submission of Tenants Preliminary Space Plans to Landlord
 
Tenant
 
Complete
(iii)
 
Delivery of written approval of Tenants Space Plans by Landlord (including 
any necessary design revision comments)
 
Landlord
 
Complete
(iv)
 
Delivery of Work Costs Estimate to Tenant
 
Landlord
 
November 27, 2006
(v)
 
Delivery of written approval of Work Costs Estimate to Landlord
 
Tenant
 
November 29, 2006
(vi)
 
Delivery of Over-Allowance, if any, as approved on Work Costs Estimate to 
Landlord
 
Tenant
 
December 1, 2006
(vii)
 
Substantial Completion of Premises
 
Landlord
 
December 31, 2006
 
7. Delays.
 
If Landlord shall be delayed in substantially completing the Tenant 
Improvements as a result of any of the following (Tenant Delays):
 
(i) Tenants failure to complete any action item which is the 
responsibility of Tenant on or before the due date specified in Section 6 
above to the extent that such failure is not caused by failure of Landlord 
to timely perform its obligations in accordance with the schedule in 
Section 6, or
 
(ii) Tenants changes to Final Plans after the final submission date in 
Section 6(iii) above, or Landlords approval thereof, whichever is earlier, 
or
 
30
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
WORK LETTER  EXHIBIT D
 
(iii) Tenants request for materials, finishes, or installations other than 
Building Standards, or
 
(iv) Any delay of Tenant in making payment to Landlord of the 
Over-Allowance as provided in Section 3.7 above, or
 
(v) Any other delay requested or caused by Tenant;
 
then the Lease Term shall nevertheless commence and the Commencement Date 
shall be the date it would have been had the delay not occurred.
 
8. Miscellaneous.
 
Any default by Tenant under the terms of this Work Letter shall constitute 
a default under the Lease and shall entitle Landlord to exercise all 
remedies set forth therein. Both Landlord and Tenant agree to use 
reasonable diligence in performing all of their respective obligations and 
duties under this Work Letter and in proceeding with the construction and 
completion of the Building and all Tenant Improvements in the Premises.
 
TENANT:
 
VENDING DATA CORPORATION,
a Nevada corporation
 
By:
/s/ Arnaldo F. Galassi
 
 
 
 
Print Name:
Arnaldo F. Galassi
 
 
 
 
Print Title:
VP & CFO
 
LANDLORD:
 
HOWARD HUGHES PROPERTIES, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP,
a Delaware limited partnership
 
By its sole general partner:
THE HOWARD HUGHES CORPORATION,
a Delaware corporation
 
By:
/s/ Kevin T. Orrock
 
 
 
Print
Kevin T. Orrock
Name:
 
 
 
Print
Top Division Executive
Title:
 
 
31
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
RULES AND REGULATIONS  EXHIBIT E
 
EXHIBIT E
CANYONS CENTER
RULES AND REGULATIONS
 
1. Sidewalks, doorways, vestibules, halls, stairways, and similar areas 
shall not be obstructed nor shall refuse, furniture, boxes, or other items 
be placed therein by Tenant or its officers, agents, servants, and 
employees, or used for any purpose other than ingress and egress to and 
from the Premises, or for going from one part of the Building to another 
part of the Building. Canvassing, soliciting and peddling in the Building 
are prohibited.
 
2. Plumbing, fixtures and appliances shall be used only for the purposes 
for which constructed, and no unsuitable material shall be placed therein.
 
3. No signs, directories, posters, advertisements, or notices shall be 
painted or affixed on or to any of the windows or doors, or in corridors or 
other parts of the Building, except in such color, size, and style, and in 
such places, as shall be first approved in writing by Landlord in its 
discretion. Building standard suite identification signs will be prepared 
by Landlord at Tenants expense. Landlord shall have the right to remove 
all unapproved signs without notice to Tenant, at the expense of Tenant.
 
4. Tenant shall not do, or permit anything to be done in or about the 
Building, or bring or keep anything therein, that will in any way increase 
the rate of fire or other insurance on the Building, or on property kept 
therein or otherwise increase the possibility of fire or other casualty.
 
5. Landlord shall have the power to prescribe the weight and position of 
heavy equipment or objects which may overstress any portion of the floor. 
All damage done to the Building by the improper placing of such heavy items 
will be repaired at the sole expense of the responsible Tenant.
 
6. Tenant shall notify the Building manager when safes or other heavy 
equipment are to be taken in or out of the Building, and the moving shall 
be done after written permission is obtained from Landlord on such 
conditions as Landlord shall require.
 
7. Corridor doors, when not in use, shall be kept closed.
 
8. All deliveries must be made via the service entrance and service 
elevator, when provided, during normal working hours. Landlords written 
approval must be obtained for any delivery after normal working hours.
 
9. Tenant shall cooperate with Landlords employees in keeping the Premises 
neat and clean.
 
10. Tenant shall not cause or permit any improper noises in the Building, 
or allow any unpleasant odors to emanate from the Premises, or otherwise 
interfere, injure or annoy in any way other tenants, or persons having 
business with them.
 
11. No animals shall be brought into or kept in or about the Building.
 
12. When conditions are such that Tenant must dispose of crates, boxes, 
etc. on the sidewalk, it will be the responsibility of Tenant to dispose of 
same prior to 7:30 a.m., or after 5:30 p.m.
 
13. No machinery of any kind, other than ordinary office machines such as 
typewriters and calculators, shall be operated on Premises without the 
prior written consent of Landlord, nor shall Tenant use or keep in the 
Building any inflammable or explosive fluid or substance (including 
Christmas trees and ornaments), or any illuminating materials, except 
candles. No space heaters or fans shall be operated in the Building.
 
14. No bicycles, motorcycles or similar vehicles will be allowed in the 
Building.
 
15. No nails, hooks, or screws shall be driven into or inserted in any part 
of the Building except as approved by Building maintenance personnel.
 
16. Landlord has the right to evacuate the Building in the event of an 
emergency or catastrophe.
 
32
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
17. No food and/or beverages shall be distributed from Tenants office 
without the prior written approval of the Building Manager.
 
18. No additional locks shall be placed upon any doors without the prior 
written consent of Landlord. All necessary keys shall be furnished by 
Landlord, and the same shall be surrendered upon termination of this lease, 
and Tenant shall then give Landlord or its agent an explanation of the 
combination of all locks on the doors or vaults. Tenant shall initially be 
given two (2) keys to the Premises by Landlord. No duplicates of such keys 
shall be made by Tenant. Additional keys shall be obtained only from 
Landlord, at a fee to be determined by Landlord.
 
19. Tenant will not locate furnishings or cabinets adjacent to mechanical 
or electrical access panels or over air conditioning outlets so as to 
prevent operating personnel from servicing such units as routine or 
emergency access may require. Cost of moving such furnishings for 
Landlords access will be for Tenants account. The lighting and air 
conditioning equipment of the Building will remain the exclusive charge of 
the Building designated personnel.
 
20. Tenant shall comply with parking rules and regulations as may be posted 
and distributed from time to time.
 
21. No portion of the Building shall be used for the purpose of lodging 
rooms.
 
22. Vending machines or dispensing machines of any kind will not be placed 
in the Premises by Tenant.
 
23. Prior written approval, which shall be at Landlords sole discretion, 
must be obtained for installation of window shades, blinds, drapes, or any 
other window treatment of any kind whatsoever. Landlord will control all 
internal lighting that may be visible from the exterior of the Building and 
shall have the right to change any unapproved lighting, without notice to 
Tenant, at Tenants expense.
 
24. No Tenant shall make any changes or alterations to any portion of the 
Building without Landlords prior written approval, which may be given on 
such conditions as Landlord may elect. All such work shall be done by 
Landlord or by contractors and/or workers approved by Landlord, working 
under Landlords supervision.
 
25. Tenant shall provide plexiglass or other pads for all chairs mounted on 
rollers or casters.
 
26. Landlord reserves the right to rescind any of these rules and make such 
other and further rules and regulations as in its judgment shall from time 
to time be needful for the operation of the Building, which rules shall be 
binding upon each Tenant upon delivery to such Tenant of notice thereof in 
writing.
 
27. Smoking shall not be permitted in Common Areas throughout the Building, 
including lobbies, hallways, restrooms and stairwells. Smoking is permitted 
outside the Building; however, smokers must utilize the ash urns which are 
located outside the Building.
 
33
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
COMMENCEMENT MEMORANDUM  EXHIBIT F
 
EXHIBIT F
CANYONS CENTER
COMMENCEMENT MEMORANDUM
 
[TENANT]:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Re:
Commencement Memorandum
 
Dear                        :
 
With reference to that certain lease (the Lease), dated                   
  , 200     , between HOWARD HUGHES PROPERTIES, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a 
Delaware limited partnership (Landlord), and, a                           
               (Tenant), you are hereby notified of the following. All 
capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning 
as set forth in the Lease.
 
1. The Commencement Date of the Lease was                                   
     , and the Lease will expire at midnight                                
         , if not extended or renewed or terminated earlier pursuant to the 
Lease.
 
2. The Premises consist of                                          (       
             ) square feet of Rentable Area and                             
                                ) square feet of Useable Area.
 
3. The prorated amount of Base Rent and Additional Rent for Operating 
Expenses for the partial month of                           is $            
                             and $                                        , 
respectively.
 
4. The amount of Base Rent and Additional Rent for Operating Expenses for 
the first full month is $                                        and $      
                                  , respectively.
 
5. Pursuant to Paragraph/Article/Section/Subsection/Exhibit                 
                         of the Lease, you have the right to renew the term 
of the Lease for one (1) additional term of                                 
        (                    ) years. The Second Lease Term shall commence 
on                              ,                     , provided Tenant 
gives Landlord written notice on or before                              ,   
                  , in accordance with the terms of the Lease.
 
 
Very truly yours,
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[LANDLORD]
 
 
 
 
Acknowledged and agreed to by                     
                                                                            
               ,
this                      day                                           of, 
200 
By:
 
 
Print Name:
 
 
Print Title:
 
 
 
 
34
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
[GRAPHIC]
 
DATE: DEC. 21, 2006
 
DECEMBER 21, 2006
BENEFICIARY:
HOWARD HUGHES PROPERTIES LP
10000 W. CHARLESTON BLVD,
SUITE 200
LAS VEGAS, NV 89135
ATTN: CLAUDINE KOSLER
LETTER OF CREDIT NO. 61 61656922
GENTLEMEN:
 
BY ORDER OF OUR CLIENT, VENDINGDATA CORPORATION, 6830 SPENCER STREET, LAS 
VEGAS, NV 89119 (THE APPLICANT), WE HEREBY OPEN OUR IRREVOCABLE STANDBY 
LETTER OF CREDIT NO. 61656922, IN YOUR FAVOR FOR AN AMOUNT NOT TO EXCEED IN 
AGGREGATE USD 100,000.00 (ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND AND 00/100 U.S. DOLLARS), 
EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY AND EXPIRING AT THE OFFICE OF OUR SERVICER, CITICORP 
NORTH AMERICA, INC. AT 3800 CITIBANK CENTER, BUILDING B, 3RD FLOOR, TAMPA, 
FLORIDA 33610 ATTN. STANDBY LETTER OF CREDIT UNIT OR SUCH OTHER OFFICE AS 
WE MAY ADVISE YOU FROM TIME TO TIME (THE OFFICE), ON DECEMBER 15, 2011.
 
FUNDS HEREUNDER ARE AVAILABLE TO YOU AGAINST PRESENTATION OF YOUR SIGHT 
DRAFT(S), DRAWN ON US, MENTIONING THEREON OUR LETTER OF CREDIT NUMBER 
61656922, ACCOMPANIED BY YOUR WRITTEN AND DATED STATEMENT, SIGNED BY A 
REPRESENTATIVE OF YOUR COMPANY, STATING THE FOLLOWING:
 
WE HEREBY CERTIFY THAT THE AMOUNT OF ANY DRAFT(S) DRAWN HEREUNDER 
REPRESENTS FUNDS DUE AND PAYABLE BECAUSE APPLICANT HAS FAILED TO PAY RENT 
AS DESCRIBED THE LEASE.
 
WE HEREBY AGREE TO HONOR EACH DRAFT DRAWN UNDER AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LETTER OF CREDIT IF PRESENTED, AS SPECIFIED, 
AT OUR OFFICE ON OR BEFORE EXPIRATION DATE.
 
SHOULD YOU HAVE OCCASION TO COMMUNICATE WITH US REGARDING THIS LETTER OF 
CREDIT, PLEASE DIRECT YOUR CORRESPONDENCE TO OUR OFFICE, MAKING SPECIFIC 
MENTION OF THE LETTER OF CREDIT NUMBER INDICATED ABOVE.
 
EXCEPT AS FAR AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN, THIS STANDBY LETTER OF 
CREDIT IS SUBJECT TO THE INTERNATIONAL STANDBY PRACTICES (ISP98), 
INTERNATIONAL CHAMBER OF COMMERCE,
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
PUBLICATION NO. 590, AND AS TO MATTERS NOT GOVERNED BY THE ISP98, SHALL BE 
GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW 
YORK AND APPLICABLE U.S. FEDERAL LAW.
 
[GRAPHIC]
 
AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE(S)
 
CITIBANK,N.A.
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------