 EX-10.(I)(19) 2 ex10-i19.txt EXHIBIT 10.(I)(19) Exhibit 10(i)(19) LIMITED 
WAIVER TO CONVERTIBLE LOAN AGREEMENT This Limited Waiver to the Convertible 
Loan Agreement ("LIMITED WAIVER") is made, as of this 30th day of 
September, 2007, by John Roblin and Stuart Sternberg, who are the holders 
of not less than a majority of the outstanding principal amount of the 
Debentures (as defined below) (the "HOLDERS"). WHEREAS, Cover-All 
Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY") and John Roblin, 
Arnold Schumsky and Stuart Sternberg (collectively, the "LENDERS"), and 
Stuart Sternberg, as agent for the Lenders, are parties to that certain 
Convertible Loan Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2001 (as amended, the 
"LOAN AGREEMENT"), pursuant to which the Lenders purchased from the Company 
8% Convertible Debentures due 2008 for an aggregate principal amount of 
$400,000 (the "DEBENTURES"); and WHEREAS, terms not otherwise defined 
herein shall have the meanings as set forth in the Loan Agreement; and 
WHEREAS, for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2007, the Company is 
not in compliance with one of the financial covenants set forth in Section 
7.01 of the Loan Agreement; and WHEREAS, the Company has requested that the 
Lenders, pursuant to Sections 12.02 and 11.04 of the Loan Agreement, waive, 
solely for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2007, the Company's 
failure to comply with one of the financial covenants set forth in Section 
7.01 of the Loan Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the 
premises and the mutual agreements set forth herein, the undersigned hereby 
agree as follows: 1. The Holders do hereby waive, solely for the fiscal 
quarter ending September 30, 2007, the Company's non-compliance with one of 
the financial covenants contained in Section 7.01 of the Loan Agreement. 2. 
The Holders do hereby acknowledge and agree that the Company's 
non-compliance with one of the financial covenants contained in Section 
7.01 of the Loan Agreement is not, and shall not be deemed, a Default or an 
Event of Default under the Loan Agreement. [Remainder of page intentionally 
left blank.] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Limited Waiver is entered into as of 
the date set forth above. HOLDERS: /s/ Stuart Sternberg 
------------------------------------ Stuart Sternberg (holding 
approximately 50% of the outstanding principal amount of the Debentures) 
/s/ John Roblin ------------------------------------ John Roblin (holding 
approximately 25% of the outstanding principal amount of the Debentures) 2