 EX-10 29 exhbit1017.htm EXHIBIT 10.17
Exhibit 10.17 Form of Subscription Agreement for Series A Convertible 
Preferred Stock

SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "
Agreement") made as of the __ day of May 2007 by and among IDENTICA 
HOLDINGS CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation (the "Company") and the 
Investors identified in Schedule 1 attached hereto (each an "Investor" and 
collectively the "Investors").

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that it is in 
the best interests of the Company to raise additional capital by the 
issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of the Company's Series A Convertible 
Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Preferred Shares"), 
having the relative rights, preferences and designations set forth in the 
Certificate of Designation set forth in Exhibit A hereto (the Certificate 
of Designation);

WHEREAS, each Preferred Share is convertible into four (4) shares  of 
common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (together with any 
securities into which the common stock may be reclassified, the Common 
Stock) subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Certificate of 
Designation;  

WHEREAS, the Company desires to sell, and the Investors are willing to 
purchase, the Preferred Shares, at a price per Preferred Share of $1.00, 
on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement;

WHEREAS, in connection with the purchase of the Preferred Shares, the 
Company shall issue to each of the Investors, Class A Warrants (the 
Warrants) to purchase two (2) shares of Common Stock for each Preferred 
Share purchased at an exercise price of $0.35 per share and on the other 
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the form of Warrant 
attached hereto as Exhibit B;

WHEREAS, the issuance and sale of the Preferred Shares and Warrants are 
intended to be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended, or any successor statutes and the rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder (1933 Act), in reliance upon the 
exemption provided by Section 4(2) of the 1933 Act and Rule 506 of 
Regulation D (Regulation D) promulgated thereunder; and

WHEREAS, contemporaneous with the sale of the Preferred Shares and the 
Warrants at the closing, the parties hereto will execute and deliver an 
Investor Rights Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the 
Investor Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company will agree to 
provide certain registration rights under the 1933 Act and applicable state 
securities laws and an opportunity to participate in future equity 
offerings by the Company.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set 
forth herein, the parties hereby agree as follows:




{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




1. Authorization of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.


The Board of Directors of the Company has adopted a resolution, pursuant to 
the authority granted by its Articles of Incorporation, authorizing the 
creation of a series of its preferred stock designated as Series A 
Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock), having the 
relative rights, preferences, powers, limitations and restrictions set 
forth in the Certificate of Designation, to be filed with the Office of the 
Secretary of State of Nevada on or prior to the date of the Initial 
Closing, as hereinafter defined.


2. Purchase and Sale of Preferred Shares.


2.1
Sale and Issuance of Series A Preferred Stock.


Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Investor agrees 
to purchase and the Company agrees to sell and issue to each Investor, 
severally and not jointly, that number of shares of Series A Preferred 
Stock set forth opposite each Investors name on Schedule A, at a purchase 
price of $1.00 per share.  


2.2  
Closing; Delivery.


The initial purchase and sale of the Preferred Shares shall take place 
telephonically or by other electronic means satisfactory to the Company and 
the Investors that permit an exchange of documents and signatures, at 10:00 
a.m., on May __, 2007, or on some other date and time mutually agreed upon 
by Company and the Investor(s) (the Initial Closing).  In the event there 
is more than one closing, the term Closing shall apply to each such 
closing unless otherwise specified.


At each Closing, the Company shall deliver to Adam B. Kaufman & Associates, 
PLLC, counsel to the Investors, in trust for the benefit of the Investor, a 
certificate representing the Preferred Shares being purchased by such 
Investor at such Closing, together with a certificate representing the 
number of Warrants appurtenant thereto, each registered in the name of the 
Investor, against payment of the purchase price therefor by certified or 
bank check payable to the Company or by wire transfer of immediately 
available Federal funds to a bank account designated by the Company.  
Promptly following each Closing, Adam B. Kaufman & Associates, PLLC, shall 
release and deliver the certificates evidencing the Preferred Shares and 
the related Warrants to the Investors that purchased Preferred Shares at 
that Closing.


2.3  
Sale of Additional Preferred Shares.


After the Initial Closing, the Company may sell, on the same terms and 
conditions as those contained in this Agreement, additional Preferred 
Shares (the Additional Shares), to one or more Investors (the 
Additional Investors) provided that (i) the total number of Preferred 
Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement shall not exceed 3,000,000 shares; 
(ii) each Additional Investor shall become a party to the Transaction 
Agreements (as defined below), by executing and delivering a counterpart 
signature page to each of the Transaction Agreements, and (ii) David Lubin 
& Associates, PLLC, counsel for the Company, provides an opinion dated as 
of the date of such Closing that the offer, issuance, sale and delivery of 
the Additional Shares to the Additional Investors do not require 
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or applicable 
state securities laws.  Schedule A to this Agreement shall be updated by 
counsel to the Company to reflect the number of Additional Shares purchased 
at each such Closing and the parties purchasing such Additional Shares.




2
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}





3.
Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby 
represents and warrants to the Investors that, except as set forth in the 
schedules delivered herewith (collectively, the Disclosure Schedules):

3.1
Organization.  The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly organized, 
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of 
incorporation, and each has full corporate power and authority to own, 
lease and operate its properties and assets and to conduct its business as 
now being conducted.  The Company has all requisite power and authority to 
execute and deliver this Agreement and other agreements contemplated hereby 
or which are ancillary hereto and to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby and thereby.  The Company and each of its Subsidiaries 
is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good 
standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business, or its 
ownership or leasing of property, makes such qualification necessary, 
unless the failure to so qualify has not and could not reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 3.9, 
below).  The Subsidiaries are listed on Schedule 3.1 hereto.


3.2
Capital Stock.  The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 
105,000,000 shares, comprised of:

(a)
One hundred million (100,000,000) shares of Common Stock, of which 
11,932,489 are issued and outstanding;
(b)
5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of which 
3,000,000 shares will be designated Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
(the Series A Preferred Stock), none of which are issued and 
outstanding.

If all of the Companys outstanding warrants, options and other rights to 
purchase shares of Common Stock were exercised, the Company would have 
outstanding 22,291,340 shares of Common Stock. The Company has reserved an 
additional (i) 12,000,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance upon 
conversion of the Preferred Shares; and (ii) 6,000,000 shares of Common 
Stock for issuance upon the due exercise of the Warrants.  

Except as described on Schedule 3.2, there are no outstanding warrants, 
options, convertible securities, calls or other rights, agreements or 
arrangements of any character under which the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries is or may be obligated to issue any equity securities of any 
kind.

No security holder of the Company has the preemptive right, under the 
Articles of Incorporation or otherwise, or a right of first refusal, to 
purchase or acquire from the Company any capital stock of the Company and, 
except for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and as set forth 
on Schedule 3.2, there are no convertible securities, outstanding warrants, 
options, calls or other rights to subscribe for, purchase or acquire from 
the Company any capital stock of the Company and there are not any 
contracts or binding commitments providing for the issuance of, or the 
granting of rights to acquire, any capital stock of the Company or under 
which the Company is, or may become, obligated to issue any of its 
securities.  All issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company has 
been duly authorized, and is validly issued and outstanding and fully paid 
and non-assessable and was issued in full compliance with applicable state 
and federal securities law and any rights of third parties.  



3
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




The Preferred Shares, when issued, sold and delivered in accordance with 
this Agreement, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, 
non-assessable, free of any preemptive rights, will have the rights, 
preferences, privileges, and restrictions set forth in the Certificate of 
Designation, will be free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or 
third party rights of any kind, other than those created by, or resulting 
from, the actions of the Investors and  except as specified therein and 
based upon the investment representations contained in Sections 4.4 and 4.6 
and subject to the filings by the Company referred to in Section 3.6, will 
be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities 
laws.  The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred 
Shares have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance by all necessary 
corporate action and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms of the 
Certificate of Designation, shall be duly and validly issued, fully paid, 
non-assessable, free of any preemptive rights, and based upon the 
investment representations contained in Sections 4.4 and 4.6 and subject to 
the filings by the Company referred to in Section 3.6, will be issued in 
compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws.  The 
shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon exercise of the Warrants 
(the Warrant Shares), have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance 
by all necessary corporate action and, upon issuance in accordance with the 
terms of the Warrant Agreement, when issued, sold and delivered in 
accordance with the Warrant Agreement, will be, validly issued, fully paid, 
non-assessable, free of any preemptive rights, will be free and clear of 
any liens, claims, encumbrances or third party rights of any kind, other 
than those created by, or resulting from the actions of, the Investors and 
except as specified therein, and assuming the investment representations of 
the Investors contained in Sections 4.4 and 4.6 are true at the time the 
Investors exercise the Warrants and subject to the filings by the Company 
referred to in Section 3.6, will be issued in compliance with all 
applicable federal and state securities laws.

           Since its incorporation, the Company has not declared or paid 
dividends on any of its securities, or made any distribution of any assets 
of any kind to any of its stockholders in redemption of, or as the purchase 
price for, any of the Company's securities, except as set forth on Schedule 
3.2. Similarly, the Warrant Agreement does not grant rights appurtenant to 
the shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon exercise of the 
Warrants.

Except as described on Schedule 3.2 and except for the Investor Rights 
Agreement, there are no voting agreements, buy-sell agreements, option or 
right of first purchase agreements or other agreements of any kind among 
the Company and any of the security holders of the Company relating to the 
securities of the Company held by them.  Except as described on Schedule 
3.2 and except as provided in the Investor Rights Agreement, no Person (as 
defined below) has the right to require the Company to register any 
securities of the Company under the 1933 Act, whether on a demand basis or 
in connection with the registration of securities of the Company for its 
own account or for the account of any other person.  As used herein, 
Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability 
company, trust, business trust, association, joint stock company, joint 
venture, sole proprietorship, unincorporated organization, governmental 
authority or any other form of entity not specifically listed herein.

Except as described on Schedule 3.2, the issuance and sale hereunder of the 
Securities (as defined below) will not obligate the Company to issue shares 
of Common Stock or other securities to any other Person (other than the 
Investors) and will not result in the adjustment of the exercise, 
conversion, exchange or reset price of any outstanding security.

Except as described on Schedule 3.2, the Company does not have outstanding 
stockholder purchase rights or poison pill or any similar arrangement in 
effect giving any Person the right to purchase any equity interest in the 
Company upon the occurrence of certain events.


4
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}





3.3
Financial Statements. The audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Company for the year ended December 31, 2005 and as of December 31, 2005, 
and the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the 
year ended December 31, 2006 and as of December 31, 2006 (together, the 
Financial Statements), true and correct copies of which have been 
provided to each Investor, have been prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis 
during the periods involved (except as may be otherwise indicated in such 
financial statements or the notes thereto or in the case of the unaudited 
interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be 
condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all respects the 
financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results 
of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the 
case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments .

3.4
No Undisclosed Liabilities. The Company has no material liabilities or 
obligations that are not disclosed in the Financial Statements or described 
on Schedule 3.4.
 
3.5
No Undisclosed Events or Circumstances.   No event or circumstance has 
occurred or exists with respect to the Company or its businesses, 
properties, operations or financial condition that has not been described 
in Schedule 3.5 or the other Disclosure Schedules annexed hereto.

 
3.6.
Authorization; Approvals, Consents.  All corporate action on the part of 
the Company necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery, and 
performance of all of the Company's obligations under this Agreement, the 
Warrant Agreement and the Investor Rights Agreement and for the 
authorization, issuance, and sale of the Preferred Shares and Warrants and 
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares 
and the Warrants has been (or will be) taken prior to the initial Closing. 
This Agreement, the Warrant Agreement and the Investor Rights Agreement, 
when executed and delivered by or on behalf of the Company, shall 
constitute the valid, legal, and binding obligations of the Company, 
enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, 
except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, 
moratorium, fraudulent conveyance and similar laws relating to or affecting 
the rights of creditors generally (ii) as limited by laws relating to the 
availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable 
remedies and (iii) to the extent the indemnification provision contained in 
each of the Transaction Documents may be limited by applicable federal or 
state securities laws.

No filings with, notices to, or approvals of any governmental or regulatory 
body are required to be obtained or made by the Company in connection with 
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, except for the 
filing of a Form D under Regulation D of the 1933 Act and notice filings 
pursuant to state securities laws (all of which have been made by the 
Company, other than those which are required to be made after the closing 
for the purchase of the Preferred Shares and related Warrants and which 
will be duly made on a timely basis).

The Company has taken all action necessary to exclude the issuance and sale 
of the Preferred Shares, the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon 
conversion of the Preferred Shares (the Conversion Shares), the Warrants 
and the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon exercise of the Warrants 
(the Warrant Shares, and together with the Preferred Shares and the 
Conversion Shares, the Securities), and the other transactions 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents (as defined below) from the 
provisions of (i) any stockholder rights plan or other poison pill 
arrangement, (ii) any anti-takeover, business combination or control share 
law or statute binding on the Company or to


5
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




which the Company or any of its assets and properties may be subject and 
(iii) any provision of the Companys Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws 
that is or could reasonably be expected to become applicable to the 
Investors as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby, including 
without limitation, the issuance of the Securities and the ownership, 
disposition or voting of the Securities by the Investors or the exercise of 
any right granted to the Investors pursuant to this Agreement or the 
Certificate of Designation, the Warrant Agreement, the Warrants and the 
Investor Rights Agreement (collectively the Transaction Documents).

3.7
Compliance with Other Instruments.  Except as described on Schedule 3.7, 
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of (a) its 
Articles of Incorporation or By-laws, or in default in any material respect 
under any material note, indenture, mortgage, lease, agreement, contract, 
purchase order or other material instrument or agreement to which the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its 
material property is bound or affected, or (b) in violation of any law, 
statute, ordinance, regulation, order, writ, injunction, decree, or 
judgment of any court or any governmental department, commission, board, 
bureau, agency, self-regulatory body or instrumentality, domestic or 
foreign.  To the best knowledge of the Company, no third party is in 
material default under any agreement, contract or other instrument or 
agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by 
which it or any of its material property is bound or affected.  Neither the 
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any order, 
judgment, decree or award of any governmental authority, agency, court, 
tribunal or arbitrator.

3.8
Use of Proceeds.  Schedule 3.8 sets forth the intended use of the net 
proceeds from the sale of the Preferred Shares and the exercise of the 
Warrants.

3.9
No Material Adverse Change.  Except as set forth on Schedule 3.9, since 
December 31, 2006, there has not been:

(i)
any change in the consolidated assets, liabilities, financial condition or 
operating results of the Company from that reflected in the Financial 
Statements, except for changes in the ordinary course of business which 
have not had and could not reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect;

(ii)
any declaration or payment of any dividend, or any authorization or payment 
of any distribution, on any of the capital stock of the Company, or any 
redemption or repurchase of any securities of the Company;

(iii)
any material damage, destruction or loss, whether or not covered by 
insurance, to any material assets or properties of the Company or its 
Subsidiaries;

(iv)
any waiver, not in the ordinary course of business, by the Company or any 
Subsidiary of a material right or of a material debt owed to it;

(v)
any satisfaction or discharge of any material lien, claim or encumbrance or 
payment of any material obligation by the Company or a Subsidiary, except 
in the ordinary course of business and which is not material to the assets, 
properties, financial condition, operating results or business of the 
Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

(vi)
any change or amendment to the Company's Articles of Incorporation or 
By-Laws, or material change to any material contract or arrangement by 
which the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or to which any of their 
respective material assets or properties is subject;


6
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}





(vii)
any material labor difficulties or labor union organizing activities with 
respect to employees of the Company or any Subsidiary;

(viii)
any material transaction entered into by the Company or a Subsidiary, other 
than in the ordinary course of business;

(ix)
the loss of the services of any key employee, or material change in the 
composition or duties of the senior management of the Company or any 
Subsidiary;

(x)
the loss or threatened loss of any customer which has had or could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or

(xi)
any other event or condition of any character that has had or could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

As used herein the term Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse 
effect on (i) the assets, liabilities, results of operations, condition 
(financial or otherwise), business, or prospects of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or (ii) the ability of the Company to 
perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents.

3.10
No Conflict, Breach, Violation or Default.  The execution, delivery and 
performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the issuance 
and sale of the Securities will not (a) violate any of the terms or 
provisions of (i) the Companys Articles of Incorporation or the Companys 
By-Laws, both as in effect on the date hereof (true and complete copies of 
which have been made available to the Investors through the EDGAR system), 
or (ii) any statute, rule, regulation or order of any governmental agency 
or body, self-regulatory body or any court, domestic or foreign, having 
jurisdiction over the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective 
assets or properties, or (b) conflict with, or result in a breach or 
violation of, any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default 
in any material respect under any material agreement or instrument to which 
the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which the Company or a 
Subsidiary is bound or to which any of their respective material assets or 
properties is subject.

3.11
Tax Matters.  The Company and each Subsidiary has filed all tax returns 
required to be filed by the due dates (including any extensions of time 
granted upon applications duly filed) with all appropriate governmental 
agencies and paid all taxes shown thereon or otherwise owed by it(other 
than those contested in good faith for which adequate reserves have been 
established), and has established adequate reserves (net of estimated tax 
payments already made) for the payment of all taxes payable in respect of 
the period subsequent to the last periods covered by such returns.   The 
charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Company in respect of 
taxes for all fiscal periods are adequate in all material respects, and 
there are no material unpaid assessments against the Company or any 
Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any basis for the assessment of 
any additional taxes, penalties or interest for any fiscal period or audits 
by any federal, state or local taxing authority, except for any assessment 
which is not material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a 
whole.  All taxes and other assessments and levies that the Company or any 
Subsidiary is required to withhold or to collect for payment have been duly 
withheld and collected and paid to the proper governmental entity or third 
party when due.  There are no tax liens or claims pending or, to the 
Companys knowledge, threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary or 
any of their respective assets or property, except such liens for taxes not 
yet due and payable as may accrue in the ordinary course of business and 
for which the Company has


7
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




established reasonable reserve and as would not, in any case, have a 
Material Adverse Effect.  Except as described on Schedule 3.11, there are 
no outstanding tax sharing agreements or other such arrangements between 
the Company and any Subsidiary or other corporation or entity.

3.12
Title to Properties.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owns 
any real property. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.12, the Company and 
each Subsidiary has good and marketable title to all properties and assets 
owned by it, in each case free from liens, encumbrances and defects that 
would materially affect the value thereof or materially interfere with the 
use made or currently planned to be made thereof by them; and except as 
disclosed in the First Registration Statement, the Company and each 
Subsidiary holds any leased real or personal property under valid and 
enforceable leases with no exceptions that would materially interfere with 
the use made or currently planned to be made thereof by them.

3.13
Certificates, Authorities and Permits.  The Company and each Subsidiary 
possess adequate certificates, authorities or permits issued by appropriate 
governmental agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business now 
operated by it, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any 
notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any 
such certificate, authority or permit that, if determined adversely to the 
Company or such Subsidiary, could reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect.

3.14
Intellectual Property.

(a)
As used herein the term Intellectual Property means all of the following: 
(i) patents, patent applications, patent disclosures and inventions 
(whether or not patentable and whether or not reduced to practice); (ii) 
trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, corporate names, 
logos, slogans and Internet domain names, together with all goodwill 
associated with each of the foregoing; (iii) copyrights and copyrightable 
works; (iv) registrations, applications and renewals for any of the 
foregoing; and (v) proprietary computer software (including but not limited 
to data, data bases and documentation).

(b)
As used herein the term Confidential Information means trade secrets, 
confidential information and know-how (including but not limited to ideas, 
formulae, compositions, processes, procedures and techniques, research and 
development information, computer program code, performance specifications, 
support documentation, drawings, specifications, designs, business and 
marketing plans, and customer and supplier lists and related information).

(c)
All Intellectual Property of the Company and its Subsidiaries is currently 
in compliance with all legal requirements (including timely filings, proofs 
and payments of fees) and the Companys and each Subsidiarys rights to the 
same are valid and enforceable.  No Intellectual Property of the Company or 
its Subsidiaries which is necessary for the conduct of Companys and each 
of its Subsidiaries respective businesses as currently conducted or as 
currently proposed to be conducted has been or is now involved in any 
cancellation, dispute or litigation, and, to the Companys knowledge, no 
such action is threatened.  No patent of the Company or its Subsidiaries 
has been or is now involved in any interference, reissue, re-examination or 
opposition proceeding.

           (d)
All of the licenses and sublicenses and consent, royalty or other 
agreements concerning Intellectual Property which are necessary for the 
conduct of the Companys and each of its Subsidiaries respective 
businesses as currently conducted or as currently proposed to be conducted 
to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any of their 
assets are bound (other than generally commercially available, non-custom, 
off-the-shelf software application


8
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




programs having a retail acquisition price of less than $10,000 per 
license) (collectively, License Agreements) are valid and binding 
obligations of the Company or its Subsidiaries that are parties thereto 
and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, enforceable in 
accordance with their terms, except  (i) as limited by applicable 
bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance 
and similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors 
generally, and (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of 
specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies, and 
there exists no event or condition which will result in a material 
violation or breach of or constitute (with or without due notice or lapse 
of time or both) a material default by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries under any such License Agreement.

(e)
The Company and its Subsidiaries own or have the valid right to use all of 
the Intellectual Property that is necessary for the conduct of the 
Companys and each of its Subsidiaries respective businesses as currently 
conducted or as currently proposed to be conducted and for the ownership, 
maintenance and operation of the Companys and its Subsidiaries properties 
and assets, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, adverse claims or 
obligations to license all such owned Intellectual Property and 
Confidential Information, other than licenses entered into in the ordinary 
course of the Companys and its Subsidiaries businesses.  The Company and 
its Subsidiaries have a valid and enforceable right to use all third party 
Intellectual Property and Confidential Information used or held for use in 
the respective businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(f)
To the Companys knowledge, the conduct of the Companys and its 
Subsidiaries businesses as currently conducted does not infringe or 
otherwise impair or conflict with (collectively, Infringe) any 
Intellectual Property rights of any third party or any confidentiality 
obligation owed to a third party, and, to the Companys knowledge, the 
Intellectual Property and Confidential Information of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries which are necessary for the conduct of Companys and each of 
its Subsidiaries respective businesses as currently conducted or as 
currently proposed to be conducted are not being Infringed by any third 
party.  There is no litigation or order pending or outstanding or, to the 
Companys knowledge, threatened or imminent, that seeks to limit or 
challenge or that concerns the ownership, use, validity or enforceability 
of any Intellectual Property or Confidential Information of the Company and 
its Subsidiaries and the Companys and its Subsidiaries use of any 
Intellectual Property or Confidential Information owned by a third party, 
and, to the Companys knowledge, there is no valid basis for the same.

(g)
The consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other 
Transaction Documents will not result in the alteration, loss, impairment 
of or restriction on the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries ownership or 
right to use any of the Intellectual Property or Confidential Information 
which is necessary for the conduct of Companys and each of its 
Subsidiaries respective businesses as currently conducted or as currently 
proposed to be conducted.

(h)
The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps to protect the 
rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries in their Intellectual Property 
and Confidential Information.  Each employee, consultant and contractor who 
has had access to Confidential Information which is necessary for the 
conduct of Companys and each of its Subsidiaries respective businesses as 
currently conducted or as currently proposed to be conducted has executed 
an agreement to maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential 
Information and has executed appropriate agreements that are substantially 
consistent with the Companys standard forms thereof, except where the 
failure to do so has not had and could not reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect.  Except under confidentiality obligations, there 
has been no material disclosure of any of the Companys or its 
Subsidiaries Confidential Information to any third party.



9
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




3.15
Environmental Matters.  To the Companys knowledge, neither the Company nor 
any Subsidiary (i) is in violation of any statute, rule, regulation, 
decision or order of any governmental agency or body or any court, domestic 
or foreign, relating to the use, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic 
substances or relating to the protection or restoration of the environment 
or human exposure to hazardous or toxic substances (collectively, 
Environmental Laws), or (ii) is subject to any claim relating to any 
Environmental Laws, which violation or claim has had or could reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and, to the Companys 
knowledge, there is no pending or threatened investigation that might lead 
to such a claim.

3.16
Litigation.  Except as disclosed in the First Registration Statement or 
described on Schedule 3.16, there are no pending actions, suits or 
proceedings against or affecting the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of 
its or their material properties; and to the Companys knowledge, no such 
actions, suits or proceedings are threatened or contemplated.  

3.17
Insurance Coverage.  The Company and each Subsidiary maintains in full 
force and effect insurance coverage that is customary for comparably 
situated companies for the business being conducted and properties owned or 
leased by the Company and each Subsidiary, and the Company reasonably 
believes such insurance coverage to be adequate against all liabilities, 
claims and risks against which it is customary for comparably situated 
companies to insure.

3.18
Brokers and Finders.  No Person will have, as a result of the transactions 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents, any valid right, interest or 
claim against or upon the Company, any Subsidiary or an Investor for any 
commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, 
arrangement or understanding entered into by or on behalf of the Company, 
other than as described in Schedule 3.18.

3.19
No Directed Selling Efforts or General Solicitation.  Neither the Company 
nor any Person acting on its behalf has conducted any general solicitation 
or general advertising (as those terms are used in Regulation D) in 
connection with the offer or sale of any of the Securities.

3.20
No Integrated Offering.  Neither the Company nor any Person which directly 
or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled 
by, or is under common control with, such Person (an Affiliate), nor any 
Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any 
offers or sales of any Company security or solicited any offers to buy any 
security, under circumstances that would adversely affect reliance by the 
Company on Section 4(2) for the exemption from registration for the 
transactions contemplated hereby or would require registration of the 
Securities under the 1933 Act.

                       3.21
Private Placement. In reliance on the investment representations contained 
in Section 4, the offer, issuance and sale of the Preferred Shares and the 
Warrants, as provided in this Agreement, are exempt, and the issuance of 
the shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Preferred Shares in 
accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions in the Certificate 
of Designation will be exempt, from the registration requirements in 
Section 5 of the 1933 Act and the registration requirements of applicable 
state securities laws.  Assuming the investment representations of the 
Investors contained in Section 4 are true at the time the Investors 
exercise the Warrants, the issuance and sale of the shares of Common Stock 
upon the exercise of the Warrants will be exempt from the registration 
requirements in Section 5 of the 1933 Act and the registration requirements 
of applicable state securities laws. Neither the Company nor any person 
acting on its behalf has taken or will take any action (including, without 
limitation, any offering of any securities of Company under circumstances 
which would require the integration of such offering with the


10
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




offering of the Preferred Shares and the Warrants under the 1933 Act) which 
might subject the offering, issuance or sale of the Preferred Shares and 
the Warrants to the registration requirements of Section 5 of the 1933 Act.

3.22
Internal Controls.  On the date the Company becomes subject to the 
reporting requirements of Section 15(d) of the 1933 Act or Section 13(a) of 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor statute, 
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (1934 Act), the 
Company will be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
of 2002.  The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal 
accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) 
transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or 
specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to 
permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to 
maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in 
accordance with management's general or specific authorization, and (iv) 
the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets 
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any 
differences. On or prior to the date the Company becomes subject to the 
reporting requirements of Section 15(d) of the 1933 Act or Section 13(a) of 
the 1934 Act, , the Company will have established disclosure controls and 
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the 1934 Act) 
for the Company and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to 
ensure that material information relating to the Company, including the 
Subsidiaries, is made known to the certifying officers by others within 
those entities, particularly during the period in which the Companys most 
recently filed periodic report under the 1934 Act, as the case may be, is 
being prepared.  The Company maintains and will continue to maintain a 
standard system of accounting established and administered in accordance 
with GAAP and the applicable requirements of the 1934 Act.

3.23
Disclosure.  The written materials delivered to the Investors in connection 
with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents do not 
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material 
fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein, in light 
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. There are 
no facts which, if known by a potential claimant or governmental agency or 
authority, would be reasonably likely to give rise to a claim or proceeding 
which, if asserted or conducted with results unfavorable to the Company or 
any of its subsidiaries, would be reasonably likely to have a Material 
Adverse Effect.


4.
Representations and Warranties of the Investors. Each Investor hereby 
represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

4.1
Enforceability.  The Transaction Documents, when executed and delivered by 
such Investor, will constitute the valid, binding and enforceable 
obligations of such Investor.

4.2
Authorization.  The execution, delivery and performance of the obligations 
of such Investor hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary 
corporate action.

4.3
Brokers.  No agent, broker, investment banker, Person or firm acting in a 
similar capacity on behalf of or under the authority of such Investor is or 
will be entitled to any broker's or finder's fee or any other commission or 
similar fee, directly or indirectly, on account of any action taken by such 
Investor in connection with any of the transactions contemplated under this 
Agreement, other than as set forth on Schedule 4.3.  Such Investor agrees 
to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from and against any claim or 
liability resulting from any party claiming any


11
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




such commission or fee, if such claims shall be contrary to the foregoing 
statement.

4.4
Purchase for Own Account.  Each Investor represents that: (a) it intends to 
acquire the Securities for its own account and that the Securities to be 
purchased by such Investor will be acquired by it for investment for the 
Investor's own account and not with a view to the distribution or resale 
thereof; (b) the execution of this Agreement and the Investor Rights 
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and 
thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action (if any) on the 
part of the Investor, and each of this Agreement and, when executed and 
delivered by the Investor in accordance with this Agreement and the 
Investor Rights Agreement, has or at the Closing for the purchase of the 
Preferred Shares and Warrants shall have been duly executed and delivered, 
and constitutes or at the Closing for the purchase of the Preferred Shares 
and Warrants shall constitute a valid, legal, binding and enforceable 
agreement of the Investor, as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, and any other laws of 
general application affecting enforcement of creditors' rights generally, 
and as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific 
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies; (c) it is an 
accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D 
promulgated under the 1933 Act; and (d) it has taken no action which would 
give rise to any claim by any Person for any brokerage or sales commissions 
or finders fees relating to this Agreement or the transaction contemplated 
hereby.  

4.5
Legends.
The Investor understands that, until registered under the 1933 Act or 
transferred pursuant to the provisions of Rule 144 as promulgated by the 
SEC, all certificates evidencing any of the Securities shall have a legend 
endorsed thereon substantially as follows:  

            THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
            REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND MAY NOT BE SOLD
            OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR WITHOUT
            AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO
            THE COMPANY IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY
            THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
            OF 1933.

            THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO
            CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH IN A SERIES A
            CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS OF
            MAY__, 2007, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE AT THE EXECUTIVE
            OFFICES OF COMPANY.

4.6
Risk of Loss; Disclosure of Information.
Without derogating from the Investor's right to rely on the representations 
and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 3 above, the Investor 
further represents and warrants to the Company with respect to its purchase 
of the Securities as follows:

(a)
The Investor acknowledges that in purchasing the Securities it is prepared 
to continue to bear the economic risk of such investment for an indefinite 
period of time.

(b)
The Investor is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the 
Securities and


12
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




could afford a complete loss of such investment.

(c)
The Investor acknowledges that it and its advisers and representatives have 
had an opportunity to ask questions of, and receive answers to its 
satisfaction from, a Person acting on behalf of the Company concerning such 
investment.

(d)
The Investor has the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an 
investment in the Securities and has evaluated the risk of investing in the 
Securities.

(e)
The Investor understands that the offering and sale of the Securities is 
intended to be exempt from registration under the 1933 Act by virtue of 
Section 4(2) of the 1933 Act and the provisions of Rule 506 of Regulation D 
and that the Companys reliance on such exemption is predicated upon, among 
other things, the bona fide nature of the Investors investment intent 
expressed herein.

(f)
The Investor has received all the information, records and books it 
considers, necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to purchase the 
Securities and make an investment in the Company.  The Investor has had a 
reasonable opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from all 
persons acting on behalf of the Company concerning the Company and the 
Securities, and all such questions have been answered to the full 
satisfaction of the Investor.

(g)
The Investor is not subscribing for the Securities as a result of or 
subsequent to any advertisement, article, notice, or other communication 
published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast over 
television or radio, or presented at any seminar or meeting, or any 
solicitation of an investment in the Company by a person other than the 
Company or a representative of the Company with whom the Investor had a 
preexisting relationship in connection with other investment transactions.

(h)
The Investor has such knowledge and experience in financial, tax and 
business matters so as to enable the Investor to utilize the information 
made available to the Investor to evaluate the merits and risks of an 
additional investment in the Company and to make an informed investment 
decision with respect thereto.

(i)
The Investor will not sell or otherwise transfer any of the Securities 
without registration under the 1933 Act and applicable state securities 
laws or pursuant to an exemption therefrom. The Securities have not been 
registered under the 1933 Act or under the securities laws of any states. 
The Investor represents that the Investor is purchasing the Securities for 
the Investor own account, for investment and not with an intention to 
resell or distribute the Securities. The Investor is aware that there is 
currently no market for the Securities, and in any event, that there are 
substantial restrictions on transferability of the Securities set forth in 
the 1933 Act. The Investor is aware that an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated thereunder is 
not presently available.

(j)
The Investor recognizes that an investment in the Company involves 
substantial risks, including loss of the entire amount of such investment, 
and has taken full cognizance of, and understands all of the risks related 
to, the purchase of the Securities.



13
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




(k)
The Investor has no agreement or arrangement with any person or entity to 
sell, transfer or pledge the Securities, and the Investor is the sole party 
in interest with regard to the Securities.  

(l)
The Investor has consulted, to the extent deemed appropriate by the 
Investor, with the Investors own advisers as to the financial, tax, legal 
and related matters concerning an additional investment in the Company and 
on that basis believes that its investment in the Securities is suitable 
and appropriate for the Investor. The Investors overall commitment to the 
Company and other investments which are not readily marketable, is not 
disproportionate to the Investors net worth and the Investor has no need 
for immediate liquidity in the Investors investment in the Securities.

(m)
The Investor acknowledges and agrees that any and all projections or 
analyses delivered to the Investor by the Company or its agents or 
representatives should not be construed or relied upon as an indication of 
the Companys future or anticipated financial performance, provided that 
the Company has no knowledge that the assumptions underlying such 
projections or analyses are untrue as of the date hereof.


5.
Conditions to Closing of the Investors.  The obligations of each Investor 
to purchase, and wire transfer funds in payment of the purchase price for, 
Preferred Shares at Closing are subject to the fulfillment at or before the 
Closing of the following conditions precedent, any one or more of which may 
be waived in whole or in part by the Investors (which waiver shall only be 
effective as to those Investors granting the waiver), which waiver shall be 
at the sole discretion of the Investors:

(a)
The representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement 
shall have been true and correct when made, and shall be true and correct 
as of the Closing as if made on the date of the Closing, except if such 
representation or warranty expressly speaks as of a specific date, in which 
case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct as of such 
date.

(b)
All covenants, agreements, and conditions contained in this Agreement to be 
performed or complied with by the Company prior to the Closing shall have 
been performed or complied with by the Company prior to or at the Closing.

(c)
The Company shall have secured all permits, consents and authorizations 
that shall be necessary or required lawfully to consummate the purchase and 
sale of the Preferred Shares and the Warrants and the consummation of the 
other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents to be 
consummated on or prior to Closing.

(d)
The Company shall have executed and delivered the Investor Rights Agreement 
and the Warrant Agreements.

(e)
The Certificate of Designation shall have been filed with the Secretary of 
State of the State of Nevada and shall be effective and the Company shall 
deliver evidence of the same in form and substance reasonably satisfactory 
to Investors counsel.

(f)
No judgment, writ, order, injunction, award or decree of or by any court, 
or judge, justice or magistrate, including any bankruptcy court or judge, 
or any order of or by any governmental authority, shall have been issued, 
and no action or proceeding shall have been


14
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




instituted by any governmental authority, enjoining or preventing the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or in the other 
Transaction Documents.

(g)
The Company shall have delivered a Certificate to the Investors, executed 
on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer or its Chief 
Financial Officer, dated as of such Closing Date, certifying to the 
fulfillment of the conditions specified in subsections (a), (b), (c), (e), 
(f) and (j) of this Section 5.

(h)
The Company shall have delivered a Certificate, executed on behalf of the 
Company by its Secretary, dated as of such Closing Date, certifying the 
resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company approving the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents and the issuance of the Securities, certifying the current 
versions of the Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Company and 
certifying as to the signatures and authority of persons signing the 
Transaction Documents and related documents on behalf of the Company.

(i)
The Investors shall have received an opinion from David Lubin & Associates, 
PLLC, the Company's counsel, dated as of such Closing Date, in form and 
substance reasonably acceptable to the Investors and addressing such legal 
matters as the Investors may reasonably request, in the form annexed hereto 
as Exhibit E.

(j)
No stop order or suspension of trading shall have been imposed by the SEC 
or any other governmental or regulatory body with respect to public trading 
in the Common Stock.


(k)
The Company shall have delivered to Counsel to the Investors certificates 
of the Companys legal existence and good standing in the State of Nevada 
and the qualification of the Company or any of its subsidiaries to do 
business as a foreign corporation and good standing (where available) in 
each other state in which the Company or its Subsidiaries transact 
business, each dated in no event earlier than three (3) business days prior 
to the date of the Closing;


(l)
The Company shall have delivered to counsel to the Investors a letter from 
Spartan Securities Group, Ltd. (Spartan), satisfactory in form and 
substance to counsel to the Investors, waiving its rights of first refusal 
pursuant to an agreement with the Company dated September 28, 2005 (i) to 
act as Placement Agent for any private offering of the Companys 
securities, and (ii) to act as underwriter of any public offering of the 
Companys securities.  

(m)
All of the documents to be delivered by the Company pursuant to Section 
2.2.1 shall be in a form and substance satisfactory to the Investors and 
their counsel, in their sole discretion, and shall have been delivered to 
the Investors.  The Investor Rights Agreement shall have been executed and 
delivered to the Investors by each of the other parties thereto.

(n)
All corporate and other proceedings in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement and all documents and instruments incident 
to such transactions shall be satisfactory in substance and form to the 
Investors and their counsel, and the Investors and their counsel shall have 
received all such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of 
such documents as the Investors or their counsel may reasonably request.




15
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




6.
Conditions to Closing of the Company.  The Company's obligations to sell 
and issue the Preferred Shares at each Closing are subject to the 
fulfillment at or before the Closing of the following conditions, any or 
all of which may be waived, in whole or in part, by the Company, in its 
sole discretion:

(a)
All covenants, agreements and conditions contained in this Agreement to be 
performed, or complied with, by the Investors prior to or at the Closing 
shall have been performed, or complied with, by the Investors prior to or 
at the Closing.

 
(b)
The representations and warranties made by the Investors in this Agreement 
shall have been true and correct when made, and shall be true and correct 
as of the date of the Closing.

(c)
The Investor shall have executed and delivered to the Company the Investor 
Rights Agreement and the Warrant Agreement.

 
7.
Covenants and Agreements of the Company.

7.1
Reservation of Common Stock.  The Company shall at all times reserve and 
keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock, 
solely for the purpose of providing for the conversion of the Preferred 
Shares and the exercise of the Warrants, a sufficient number of shares of 
Common Stock for a full conversion of the outstanding Preferred Shares and 
the exercise of all outstanding Warrants, based upon the conversion price 
of the Preferred Shares and the exercise price of the Warrants on that 
date.

7.2
Reports.  The Company will furnish to the Investors such information 
relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries as they may reasonably request 
from time to time as long as the Investor requesting the information 
continues to own Preferred Shares; provided, however, that this Section 7.2 
shall not require the Company to disclose material nonpublic information to 
the Investors, or to advisors to or representatives of the Investors, 
unless prior to disclosure of such information the Company identifies and 
designates such information as material nonpublic information and the 
recipients of such information have signed and delivered to the Company a 
confidentiality agreement with the Company, in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Company and its counsel, in their sole discretion, in 
which the recipient acknowledges that the information to be disclosed to it 
is material non-public information and agrees to maintain the 
confidentiality of that information and not to trade the Companys 
securities until that information has been publicly disclosed by the 
Company or a Person authorized by the Company to disclose that information 
to the public in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission or a 
press release issued in the name of, or on behalf of, the Company through a 
recognized reporting service in the United States.

7.3
No Conflicting Agreements.  The Company will not take any action, enter 
into any agreement or make any commitment that would conflict or interfere 
in any material respect with the Companys obligations to the Investors 
under the Transaction Documents.

7.4
Insurance.  The Company shall not materially reduce the insurance coverages 
described in Section 3.17.

7.5
Compliance with Laws.  The Company will comply in all material respects 
with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, orders and decrees of all 
governmental authorities.



16
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




7.6
Listing of Underlying Shares and Related Matters.  If the Company applies 
to have its Common Stock listed on any securities exchange or market, it 
shall include in such application the shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
the conversion of the Preferred Shares and Warrants and will take such 
other action as is necessary to cause such Common Stock to be so listed.  
Thereafter, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to 
continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on such exchange or 
market and, in accordance, therewith, will use commercially reasonable 
efforts to comply in all respects with the Companys reporting, filing and 
other obligations under the by-laws or rules of such exchange or market.

7.7
Removal of Legends.  Upon the earlier of (i) the effective date of a 
registration statement filed by the Company for the for resale of the 
shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon conversion of the 
Preferred Shares and Warrants pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement 
(the Resale Registration Statement), or (ii) upon receipt by the Company 
and the transfer agent for the Common Stock (the Transfer Agent) of a 
request for the removal of the restricted legend(s) on the certificates 
evidencing the shares of Common Stock owned by an Investor or a permitted 
transferee, the Company shall deliver to the Transfer Agent irrevocable 
instructions that the Transfer Agent shall reissue a certificate 
representing shares of Common Stock without legends upon receipt by such 
Transfer Agent of the legended certificates for such shares, accompanied by 
(1) either (a) a  letter from the Investor or its permitted transferee 
containing the customary representations as to the fulfillment of the 
requirements of Rule 144(k), or (b) a statement by the Investor that such 
Investor has sold the shares of Common Stock represented thereby in 
accordance with the Plan of Distribution contained in the Resale 
Registration, and (2)  an opinion of counsel to the Company to the effect 
that the removal of such legend(s) from the certificates registered in the 
name of the requesting Investor or its permitted transferee in such 
circumstances may be effected under the 1933 Act.  When the Company is 
required to cause unlegended certificates to replace previously issued 
legended certificates, if unlegended certificates are not delivered to an 
Investor within three (3) Business Days of submission by that Investor of 
legended certificate(s) to the Transfer Agent as provided above (or to the 
Company, in the case of the Warrants), the Company shall be liable to the 
Investor for liquidated damages in an amount equal to 1.0 % of the 
aggregate purchase price of the Securities evidenced by such certificate(s) 
for each thirty (30) day period (or portion thereof) beyond such three (3) 
Business Days that the unlegended certificates have not been so delivered.

8.
Miscellaneous

8.1
Further Assurances.  Each of the parties hereto shall perform such further 
acts and execute such further documents as may reasonably be necessary to 
carry out and give full effect to the provisions of this Agreement and the 
intentions of the parties as reflected thereby.  

8.2
Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.  This 
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
internal laws of the State of Florida without regard to the choice of law 
principles thereof, except that matters relating to the rights and 
relationship of security holders to the Company shall be governed by 
Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes.  Each of the parties hereto 
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the 
State of Florida located in Hillsborough County and the United States 
District Court for the Middle District of Florida for the purpose of any 
suit, action, proceeding or judgment relating to or arising out of this 
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.  Service of process in 
connection with any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on each 
party hereto anywhere in the world by the same methods as are specified for 
the giving of notices under this Agreement, except that service shall not 
be made by telecopier.  Each of the parties hereto


17
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of any such court in any such 
suit, action or proceeding and to the laying of venue in such court.  Each 
party hereto irrevocably waives any objection to the laying of venue of any 
such suit, action or proceeding brought in such courts and irrevocably 
waives any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any 
such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.  EACH OF THE PARTIES 
HERETO WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO REQUEST A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION WITH 
RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND REPRESENTS THAT COUNSEL HAS BEEN CONSULTED 
SPECIFICALLY AS TO THIS WAIVER.

8.3
Successors and Assigns; Assignment.  This Agreement, and the rights and 
obligations of the parties under this Agreement, may not be assigned or 
assumed by any other Person; provided, however, that an Investor may assign 
its rights and delegate the performance of its obligations hereunder, in 
whole or in part, to an Affiliate or to another Investor that continues to 
own Preferred Shares or shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of 
the Preferred Shares or Warrants after not less than ten days prior written 
notice duly given by such Investor to the Company; and further provided 
that as a condition of such assignment the assignee executes and delivers 
to the Company a counterpart signature page to this Agreement by which it 
agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, it being understood by 
the parties that no such assignment or assumption of obligations shall 
relieve any Investor of its obligations hereunder. The provisions of this 
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective 
permitted successors and assigns of the parties.  Nothing in this 
Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other 
than the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any 
rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this 
Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

8.4
Entire Agreement; Amendment and Waiver.  This Agreement, including the 
Exhibits and the Disclosure Schedules hereto and the other Transaction 
Documents constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement 
between the parties with regard to the subject matters hereof and thereof 
and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and 
written, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
thereof.  Any term of this Agreement may be amended and the observance of 
any term hereof may be waived (either prospectively or retroactively and 
either generally or in a particular instance) only with the written consent 
of all of the parties to this Agreement.  Any amendment or waiver effected 
in accordance with this paragraph shall be binding upon each holder of any 
Securities purchased under this Agreement at the time outstanding, each 
future holder of such Securities and the Company.  


8.5
Notices, etc.  All notices and other communications required or permitted 
hereunder to be given to a party to this Agreement shall be in writing and 
shall be (i) telecopied or (ii) mailed by registered or certified mail, 
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iii) delivered by hand or by 
messenger, or (iv) by internationally recognized overnight air courier, 
addressed to such party's address as set forth below or at such other 
address as the party shall have furnished to each other party in writing in 
accordance with this provision:

if to the Investors:
to the addresses set forth on Schedule 1

with a copy to:

                        Adam B. Kaufman & Associates, PLLC
                        585 Stewart Avenue, Suite 302


18
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




                        Garden City, New York 11530
                        Facsimile: 516-228-8824
             Attention: Adam B. Kaufman, Esq.

if to the Company:
Identica Holdings Corporation
6807 S. MacDill Avenue
Tampa, FL 33611
                                                            Facsimile: 
813-774-4725
Attention: Edward A. Foster

with a copy to:

                              David Lubin & Associates, PLLC
                              26 East Hawthorne Avenue
                              Valley Stream, New York 11580
                              Facsimile: 516-887-8250
                              Attention: David Lubin, Esq.

or such other address with respect to a party as such party shall notify 
each other party in writing as above provided.  Any notice sent in 
accordance with this Section 8.5 shall be effective (i) if mailed, three 
(3) business days after such notice is deposited in first class mail, 
postage prepaid, (ii) if delivered by hand or by messenger, upon delivery, 
(iii) if sent via telecopier, upon transmission and electronic confirmation 
of receipt and (iv) if given by internationally recognized air courier, one 
business day after delivery to such carrier.

8.6
Delays or Omissions.  No delay or omission to exercise any right, power, or 
remedy accruing to any party upon any breach or default under this 
Agreement, shall be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default 
theretofore or thereafter occurring.  Any waiver, permit, consent, or 
approval of any kind or character on the part of any party of any breach or 
default under this Agreement, or any waiver on the part of any party of any 
provisions or conditions of this Agreement, must be in writing and shall be 
effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such writing.  All 
remedies, either under this Agreement or by law or otherwise afforded to 
any of the parties, shall be cumulative and not alternative.

8.7
Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of 
competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable under applicable law, then such 
provision shall be excluded from this Agreement and the remainder of this 
Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and 
shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms; provided, however, that 
in such event this Agreement shall be interpreted so as to give effect, to 
the greatest extent consistent with and permitted by applicable law, to the 
meaning and intention of the excluded provision as determined by such court 
of competent jurisdiction.

8.8
Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed by facsimile and in any 
number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and 
enforceable against the parties actually executing such counterpart, and 
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.






19
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




 9.
Survival and Indemnification.

9.1  Survival.  The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements 
contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing(s) hereunder.

9.2  Indemnification.  The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless 
each Investor and its Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, 
employees, attorneys and agents from and against any and all losses, 
claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation 
reasonable attorney fees and disbursements and other expenses incurred in 
connection with investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim or 
proceeding, pending or threatened and the costs of enforcement thereof) 
(collectively, Losses) to which such Person may become subject as a 
result of any breach of representation, warranty, covenant or agreement 
made by or to be performed on the part of the Company under the Transaction 
Documents, and will reimburse any such Person for all such amounts as they 
are incurred by such Person.

9.3  Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings.  Promptly (as defined below) 
after receipt by any Person (the Indemnified Person) of notice of any 
demand, claim or circumstances which would or might give rise to a claim or 
the commencement of any action, proceeding or investigation in respect of 
which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 9.2, such Indemnified 
Person shall promptly notify the Company in writing and the Company shall 
assume the defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably 
satisfactory to such Indemnified Person, and shall assume the payment of 
all fees and expenses; provided, however, that the failure of any 
Indemnified Person so to notify the Company shall not relieve the Company 
of its obligations hereunder except to the extent that the Company is 
materially prejudiced by such failure to notify. In any such proceeding, 
any Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but 
the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such 
Indemnified Person unless: (i) the Company and the Indemnified Person shall 
have mutually agreed to the retention of such counsel; or (ii) in the 
reasonable judgment of counsel to such Indemnified Person representation of 
both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or 
potential differing interests between them.  The Company shall not be 
liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written 
consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, but if settled 
with such consent, or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff in any 
action against the Indemnified Person, the Company shall indemnify and hold 
harmless such Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability (to 
the extent stated above) by reason of such settlement or judgment.  Without 
the prior written consent of the Indemnified Person, which consent shall 
not be unreasonably withheld, the Company shall not effect any settlement 
of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified 
Person is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought 
hereunder by such Indemnified Party, unless such settlement includes an 
unconditional release of such Indemnified Person from all liability arising 
out of such proceeding.  As used in this Section 9.3, Promptly or 
promptly shall mean within such time period as specified by applicable 
law for answering or defending any complaint, pleading or application to 
any court or other legal tribunal.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.]


20
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}




IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have signed this Series A Stock Purchase 
Agreement as of the date first hereinabove set forth.

IDENTICA HOLDINGS CORPORATION.

By:________________________
                                                                            
        Edward A. Foster
Chief Executive Officer




[PURCHASER NAME]

By:_________________
     
     Name:
    
     Title:

[Insert other Investors]

[Name of Investor]
By:
_____________________
Name:_____________________
Title:
_____________________




[SIGNATURE PAGE TO STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT]


21
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}







22
{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}

SCHEDULE 1

THE INVESTORS

Name and Address
Number of Series A
Preferred Shares
Number of Warrants
Purchase Price

 
  

 

 


 

 

 


 

 

 







{S:\DOCS\3161\001\00001608.DOC.}

