 EX-10.3 5 exh10-3_15497.txt FORM OF LOCK-UP AGREEMENT EXHIBIT 10.3 
------------ LOCK-UP LETTER AGREEMENT To the Purchasers of RedRoller 
Holdings, Inc's Common Stock Pursuant to that certain Subscription 
Agreement attached as Exhibit A to Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum, dated October 17, 2007 The undersigned officers and directors 
of RedRoller Holdings, Inc., (f/k/a Aslahan Enterprises Ltd.) a Delaware 
corporation (the "Pubco"), understand that you ("You") have entered into a 
Subscription Agreement (the "Subscription Agreement") for the purchase of 
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share ("Common Stock"), of 
Pubco in a private offering of up to 2,352,941 units of Pubco, each unit 
consisting of four shares of Common Stock and a warrant to purchase one 
share of Common Stock at $1.70 per share (the "PIPE"). It is currently 
anticipated that, concurrently with the closing of the PIPE, the RedRoller, 
Inc., a Delaware corporation, (the "Company") will be merged with and into 
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pubco, with the Company being the surviving 
entity of such merger (the "Merger," and together with the PIPE, the 
"Transactions"). As part of the Merger, Pubco will acquire all of the 
issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company, such that, immediately 
following the Merger, the Company will be a wholly-owed subsidiary of 
Pubco. In order to induce You to consummate the PIPE, and concurrently 
with, and contingent upon, the closing of the Transactions, and for other 
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are 
hereby acknowledged, each undersigned party hereby irrevocably agrees that, 
without Your prior written consent, such party will not, during the period 
commencing on the closing date of the Transactions and ending on the one 
hundred eighty (180) day anniversary thereof, (i) lend, offer, pledge, 
sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase 
any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to 
purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any 
securities of Pubco, including securities convertible into or exercisable 
or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock (whether now owned or hereafter 
acquired), or (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers 
to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of 
ownership of any securities of Pubco, including any securities convertible 
into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock (whether now 
owned or hereafter acquired), whether any such transaction described in 
clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of securities, in 
cash or otherwise. The restrictions set forth in this paragraph shall not 
apply to any transfers made by the undersigned (i) as a bona fide gift, 
(ii) by will or other testamentary document or applicable laws of descent 
upon the death of the undersigned, or (iii) to a former spouse pursuant to 
a qualified domestic relations order; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that in the case 
of any transfer described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, it shall be a 
condition to such transfer that the transferee executes and delivers to 
You, not later than one business day prior to such transfer, a written 
agreement, in substantially the form of this Agreement and otherwise 
satisfactory in form and substance to You. In furtherance of the foregoing, 
the undersigned hereby consent to the placing of legends or stop transfer 
instructions with Pubco's transfer agent with respect to any shares of 
Common 1 DLA PIPER DRAFT 10/18/07 Stock owned of record by the undersigned, 
and Pubco and its transfer agent are hereby authorized to decline to make 
any transfer of securities if such transfer would constitute a violation or 
breach of this Lock-Up Letter Agreement. Pubco shall be a third-party 
beneficiary of this Agreement, and shall be entitled to enforce the 
provisions hereof to the same extent that You are entitled to enforce the 
provisions hereof. It is understood that if, for any reason, the 
Transactions terminate or are not consummated within the time periods set 
forth in the definitive agreements governing such Transactions prior to 
payment for and delivery of the Shares, the undersigned will be released 
from their obligations under this Lock-Up Letter Agreement. The undersigned 
parties understand that Pubco and You will proceed with the 
above-referenced PIPE in reliance on this Lock-Up Letter Agreement. This 
Lock-Up Letter Agreement may not be amended, and no term of this Lock-Up 
Letter Agreement may be waived, as to any undersigned party, except in a 
writing signed by the undersigned party and the initial purchasers of a 
majority of the shares of Common Stock sold in connection with the PIPE. In 
addition, any consent required or permitted to be given by You under this 
Agreement may only be given in a writing signed by the initial purchasers 
of a majority of the shares of Common Stock sold in connection with the 
PIPE. Whether or not the above-referenced Transactions actually occur 
depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. The 
above-referenced PIPE will only be made pursuant to the Subscription 
Agreement and the other definitive agreements related to the PIPE. 
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 2 Each undersigned party hereby represents and 
warrants that he or she has full power, authority, and legal capacity to 
enter into this Lock-Up Letter Agreement and that, upon request, he or she 
will execute any additional documents necessary in connection with the 
enforcement hereof. Any obligations of the undersigned shall be binding 
upon his or her heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns. 
Very truly yours, By: /s/ William Van Wyck Dated: November 13 2007 
------------------------------ ------------------------ William Van Wyck 
President and Chief Executive Officer; Director By: /s/ Robert J. Crowell 
Dated: November 13, 2007 ------------------------------ 
------------------------ Robert J. Crowell Chairman of the Board of 
Directors By: /s/ Terrance Quinn Dated: November 13, 2007 
------------------------------ ------------------------ Terrance Quinn 
Director By: /s/ Ronald Rose Dated: November 13, 2007 
------------------------------ ------------------------ Ronald Rose 
Director By: /s/ C. Andrew Brooks Dated: November 13, 2007 
------------------------------ ------------------------ C. Andrew Brooks 
Executive Vice President 3 By: /s/ Jason T. Ordway Dated: November 13, 2007 
------------------------------ ------------------------ Jason T. Ordway 
Chief Technology Officer By: /s/ Richard Turcott Dated: November 13, 2007 
------------------------------ ------------------------ Richard Turcott 
Chief Marketing Officer By: /s/ Mark A. Taylor Dated: November 13, 2007 
------------------------------ ------------------------ Mark A. Taylor 
Chief Logistics Officer 4