 EX-10 3 iliac_exhibit-10.htm
EXHIBIT 10
 
SERVICE AGREEMENT
 
This Service Agreement (hereinafter called Agreement) is made effective 
as of the 1st day of January 1994, by and between Directed Services, Inc., 
a New York Corporation (hereinafter called DSI), and Golden American Life 
Insurance Company, a Delaware Insurance Corporation (hereinafter called 
Golden American).
 
WHEREAS, DSI has extensive experience in the distribution of variable 
insurance business; and
 
WHEREAS, Golden American is an affiliate of DSI and desires DSI to perform 
certain marketing, sales and other services (hereinafter called Services) 
for Golden American in its insurance operations and desires further to make 
use in its day-to-day operations of certain personnel, property, equipment, 
and facilities (hereinafter called Facilities) of DSI as Golden American 
may request; and
 
WHEREAS, DSI desires Golden American to perform certain managerial, 
supervisory, treasury, accounting, financial reporting, systems, legal and 
tax-related tasks for DSI in its securities operations and further to make 
use in its day-to-day operations of certain personnel, property, equipment, 
and facilities of Golden American as DSI may request; and
 
WHEREAS, DSI and Golden American contemplate that such an arrangement will 
achieve certain operating economies, and improve services to the mutual 
benefit of both DSI and Golden American; and
 
WHEREAS, DSI and Golden American wish to assure that all charges for 
Services and the use of Facilities incurred hereunder are reasonable and to 
the extent practicable reflect actual costs and are arrived at in a fair 
and equitable manner, and that estimated costs, whenever used, are adjusted 
periodically to bring them into alignment with actual costs; and
 
WHEREAS, DSI and Golden American wish to identify the Services to be 
rendered to Golden American and DSI and to provide a method of fixing bases 
for determining the charges to be made.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the promises set 
forth herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, DSI and Golden 
American agree as follows:
 
 
1.
PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES
 
Both parties agree to the extent requested by the other party to perform 
such Services for each other as the parties determine to be reasonably 
necessary in the conduct of their insurance operations and securities 
operations.
 
Each party agrees at all times to use its best efforts to maintain 
sufficient personnel and Facilities of the kind necessary to perform the 
Services contemplated under this Agreement. Each shall have the right upon 
thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other to subcontract with 
those parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or unrelated third parties 
(hereinafter SUBS) accepted in writing by the other party to perform any 
Services and provide any personnel and Facilities which each is obligated 
to provide pursuant to this Agreement and in strict accordance with the 
terms, conditions and limitations contained in this Agreement. In addition, 
each party agrees that shared personnel may be used. Services provided by 
such shared personnel may satisfy either partys obligations to perform 
Services under this Agreement.
 
1
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
(a)
CAPACITY OF PERSONNEL
 
Whenever either party utilizes its personnel to perform Services for the 
other pursuant to this Agreement, such personnel shall at all times remain 
employees of the employer subject solely to its direction and control and 
the employer shall alone retain full liability to such employees for their 
welfare, salaries, fringe benefits, legally required employer contributions 
and tax obligations.
 
No facility of either party used in performing Services for or subject to 
use by the other party shall be deemed to be transferred, assigned, 
conveyed or leased by performance or use pursuant to this Agreement.
 
 
(b)
EXERCISE OF JUDGEMENT IN RENDERING SERVICES
 
In providing any Services hereunder which require the exercise of 
judgement, each party shall perform any such Service in accordance with any 
standards and guidelines developed and communicated to the other party. In 
performing any Services, hereunder, each party shall at all times act in a 
manner reasonably calculated to be in, or not opposed to, the best interest 
of the other party.
 
Neither party shall have liability for any action taken or omitted by it, 
in furnishing Services and Facilities under this Agreement, in good faith 
and without gross negligence.
 
 
(c)
CONTROL
 
The performance of Services by DSI for Golden American or Golden American 
for DSI pursuant to this Agreement shall in no way impair the absolute 
control of the business and operations of DSI or Golden American by their 
respective Boards of Directors. Each party shall act hereunder so as to 
assure the separate operating identity of the other party.
 
 
2.
SERVICES
 
The performance of DSI under this Agreement with respect to the business 
and operations of Golden American shall at all times be subject to the 
direction and control of the Board of Directors of Golden American. The 
performance of Golden American under this Agreement with respect to the 
business and operations of DSI shall at all times be subject to the 
direction and control of the Board of Directors of DSI.
 
2.1         Subject to the foregoing and to the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement, DSI shall provide to Golden American the Services set forth 
below.
 
 
(a)
MARKETING
 
DSI shall provide marketing Services, including recruitment and direction 
of internal wholesalers, validation of agents' training allowances and 
development allowances and the administration of all agency matters.
 
 
(b)
ADVERTISING AND SALES PROMOTIONAL SERVICES
 
Under the general supervision of the Board of Directors of Golden American 
and subject to the direction, control and prior approval of the responsible 
officers of Golden American, DSI shall provide sales Services, including 
sales aids, rate guides, sales brochures, solicitation materials and such 
other promotional materials, information, assistance and advice as shall 
assist the sales efforts of Golden American. DSI shall also interface to 
the extent necessary or appropriate with the NASD and SEC regarding 
marketing materials.
 
2
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)        DSI shall provide underwriting and related securities Services 
to Golden American in its offerings of insurance products.
 
(d)        DSI shall provide supervisory and regulatory expertise and 
support as necessary to facilitate Golden Americans offering of insurance 
products, including NASD and SEC interface regarding registered 
representatives and registration statements.
 
2.2       Subject to the forgoing and to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, Golden American shall provide to DSI the services set forth 
below.
 
 
(a)
SUPERVISORY/MANAGERIAL
 
Golden American shall provide managerial and supervisory services to DSI 
regarding insurance operations, insurance distribution and product specific 
knowledge/information or training.
 
 
(b)
ACCOUNTING/FINANCIAL
 
Golden American shall provide treasury, accounting, and financial reporting 
services, including systems support as requested by DSI to support DSIs 
investment advisory and in the performance of allocations of salaries and 
expenses of the parties to this Agreement.
 
 
(c)
TAX
 
Golden American shall provide tax-related consulting and related services 
to DSIs operations.
 
 
(d)
LEGAL
 
Golden American shall provide legal support for DSI.
 
 
(e)
COMMISSIONS PROCESSING
 
Golden American shall process the payment of commissions for DSI.
 
 
3.
CHARGES
 
Golden American agrees to reimburse DSI and DSI agrees to reimburse Golden 
American for Services provided to each other pursuant to this Agreement. 
The charges for such Services and Facilities shall include all direct and 
directly allocable expenses, reasonably and equitably determined to be 
attributable to each party, plus a reasonable charge for direct overhead 
such as rent expense, the amount of such charge for overhead to be agreed 
upon by the parties from time to time. When shared personnel are used to 
perform Services, allocations of the cost of such personnel including 
salaries and benefits shall be in proportion to the time spent by such 
personnel directly relating to Services performed for the appropriate party 
to this Agreement.
 
Each party's determination of charges hereunder shall be presented to the 
other party, and if a party objects to any such determination, it shall so 
advise the other party within thirty (30) days of receipt of notice of said 
determination. Unless the parties can reconcile any such objection, they 
shall agree to the selection of a firm of independent certified public 
accountants which shall determine the charges properly allocable to each 
party and shall, within a reasonable time, submit such determination, 
together with the basis therefore, in writing to DSI and Golden American 
whereupon such determination shall be binding. The expenses of such a 
determination by a firm of independent certified public accountants shall 
be borne equally by DSI and Golden American.
 
3
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
4.
PAYMENT
 
Each party shall submit to the other party within thirty (30) days of the 
end of each calendar month a written statement of the amount estimated to 
be owed by the other party for Services and the use of Facilities pursuant 
to this Agreement in that calendar month and each party shall pay to the 
party rendering the statement within thirty (30) days following receipt of 
such written statement the amount set forth in the statement.
 
 
5.
ACCOUNTING RECORDS AND DOCUMENTS
 
Each party shall be responsible for maintaining full and accurate 
accounting records of all Services rendered and Facilities used pursuant to 
this Agreement to the other party and such additional information as each 
may reasonably request for purposes of its internal bookkeeping and 
accounting operations. They shall keep such accounting records insofar as 
they pertain to the computation of charges hereunder available at their 
principal offices for audit, inspection and copying by the other party or 
any governmental agency having jurisdiction over each entity during all 
reasonable business hours.
 
With respect to accounting and statistical records prepared by reason of 
their performance under this Agreement, summaries of such records shall be 
delivered to the other party within thirty (30) days from the end of the 
month to which the records pertain, or as soon thereafter as practicable.
 
 
6.
OTHER RECORDS AND DOCUMENTS
 
All books, records, and files established and maintained by DSI by reason 
of its performance under this Agreement which, absent this Agreement, would 
have been held by Golden American shall be deemed the property of Golden 
American, and shall be subject to examination by Golden American and 
persons authorized by it at all times, and shall be delivered to Golden 
American at least quarterly. The records held by Golden American for 
services provided for DSI shall be deemed property of DSI, and shall be 
subject to examination by DSI and persons authorized by it at all times.
 
With respect to original documents other than those provided for in Section 
5 hereof which would otherwise be held by Golden American and which may be 
obtained by DSI in performing under this Agreement, DSI shall deliver such 
documents to Golden American within thirty (30) days of their receipt by 
DSI except where continued custody of such original documents is necessary 
to perform services hereunder. The records held by Golden American in the 
performance of services for DSI shall be delivered to DSI within thirty 
(30) days of their receipt by Golden American except where continued 
custody is necessary to perform services hereunder.
 
 
7.
RIGHT TO CONTRACT WITH SUBS
 
Nothing herein shall be deemed to grant either an exclusive right to 
provide Services to the other party, and each party retains the right to 
contract with any SUB, affiliated or unaffiliated, for the performance of 
Services or for the use of Facilities as are available to or have been 
requested by either party pursuant to this Agreement.
 
4
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
8.
TERMINATION AND MODIFICATION
 
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by either DSI or 
Golden American upon giving thirty (30) days or more advance written 
notice, provided that Golden American shall have the right to elect to 
continue to receive data processing Services and/or to continue to utilize 
data processing Facilities and related software for up to one year from the 
date of such notice. Upon termination, each party shall promptly deliver to 
the other party all books and records that are, or are deemed by this 
Agreement to be, the property of the other party.
 
 
9.
SETTLEMENT ON TERMINATION
 
No later than ninety (90) days after the effective date of termination of 
this Agreement, each party shall deliver to the other party a detailed 
written statement of all charges incurred and not included in any previous 
statement to the effective date of termination. The amount owned hereunder 
shall be due and payable within thirty (30) days of receipt of such 
statement.
 
 
10.
ASSIGNMENT
 
This Agreement and any rights pursuant hereto shall not be assignable by 
either party hereto, except as set forth herein or by operation of law. 
Except as and to the extent specifically provided in this Agreement, 
nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer on 
any person other than the parties hereto or their respective legal 
successors, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities, or to relieve 
any person other than the parties hereto or their respective legal 
successors from any obligations or liabilities that would otherwise be 
applicable. The covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement shall 
be binding upon, extend to and enure to the benefit of the parties hereto, 
their and each of their successors and assigns respectively.
 
 
11.
GOVERNING LAW
 
This Agreement is made pursuant to and shall be governed by, interpreted 
under, and the rights of the parties determined in accordance with, the 
laws of the State of Delaware.
 
 
12.
ARBITRATION
 
Any unresolved difference of opinion between the parties arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement, or the breach thereof, except as provided in 
Section 3, shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the 
Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association and 
the Expedited Procedures thereof, and judgement upon the award rendered by 
the Arbitrator may be entered in any Court having jurisdiction thereof. The 
arbitration shall take place in Wilmington, Delaware, or at such other 
place as the parties may mutually agree.
 
 
13.
NOTICE
 
All notices, statements or requests provided for hereunder shall be deemed 
to have been duly given when delivered by hand to an officer of the other 
party, or when deposited with the U.S. Postal Service as certified or 
registered mail, postage prepaid, addressed:
 
5
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

(a)
If to DSI, to:
 
    Bernard R. Beckerlegge
    General Counsel and Secretary
    Directed Services, Inc.
    280 Park Avenue, 14th Floor-West
    New York, New York 10017
     
(b)
If to Golden American, to:
     
    David L. Jacobson
    Senior Vice President and Assistant Secretary
    Golden American Life Insurance Company
    1001 Jefferson Street, Suite 400
    Wilmington, Delaware 19801
     
or to such other person or place as each party may from time to time 
designate by written notice sent as aforesaid.
 
 
14.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
 
This Agreement, together with such Amendments as may from time to time be 
executed in writing by the parties, constitutes the entire Agreement 
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed 
in duplicate by their respective officers duly authorized so to do, and 
their respective corporate seals to be attached hereto this 7th day of 
March 1995.
 
 
Directed Services, Inc.
 
By:
/s/ Mary Bea Wilkenson
 
 
 
Golden American Life Insurance Company
 
By:
/s/ David L. Jacobson
 
 
 
6
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Service Agreement between Golden American Life Insurance Company 
(Golden American) and Directed Services, Inc. (DSI) dated March 7, 1995 
is hereby amended by mutual agreement of the parties by addition of the 
following provisions:
 
Section 2.1      Services of Directed Services, Inc. shall be amended by 
adding the following:
 
 
(e)
DSI shall conduct due diligence meetings and conferences to educate 
third-party broker-dealers regarding Golden Americans insurance products.  
           
         
Section 3.        CHARGES shall be amended by adding the following examples 
demonstrating equitable determination of expenses. These examples are 
intended to show the intent of the parties and are not all inclusive:
         
 
(a)
Expenses relating to compensation of wholesalers 
     
 
1.
Golden American shall pay the base compensation of wholesalers. This serves 
as Golden Americans share for providing insurance knowledge and insurance 
distribution services.
            
 
2.
DSI shall pay the bonus compensation of wholesalers. This serves as DSIs 
share for providing marketing services to third-party broker-dealers.
            
 
(b)
Expenses related to the production of marketing materials 
         
 
(b)
Golden American pays for prospectus and marketing materials
        directly related to the insurance products.
         
 
(c)
DSI pays for marketing materials related to its investment advisory 
functions, including brochures describing fund performance, fund objectives 
and fund risks.
             
            This amendment was executed December 18, 1995 and is effective
            as of March 7, 1995.
             
             
By: /s/
Mary Bea Wilkerson
 
By: /s/
David L. Jacobson
 
Directed Services, Inc.
 
 
Golden American Life Insurance Company
             
 
7
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

SECOND AMENDMENT TO SERVICE AGREEMENT
 
This is the Second Amendment (this Amendment) to the Service Agreement 
between ING USA Annuity and Life Insurance Company (formerly, Golden 
American Life Insurance Company) (ING USA) and Directed Services LLC 
(formerly, Directed Services, Inc.) (DSL). This Amendment, executed on 
August 9, 2007, is effective as of July 31, 2007.
 
1.         Background. ING USA and DSL are parties to a Service Agreement, 
dated March 7, 1995 (the Base Agreement) pursuant to which ING USA and 
DSL provide each other with certain services more particularly described in 
Section 2 of the Base Agreement. ING USA and DSL executed a first 
amendment, effective March 7, 1995, to the Base Agreement (the First 
Amendment) pursuant to which the parties (i) clarified certain services to 
be provided by DSL; and (ii) added expense examples to Section 3 of the 
Base Agreement to clarify equitable expense determinations. The Base 
Agreement, together with the First Amendment is hereinafter referred to as 
the Agreement. ING USA and DSL wish to amend (i) Section 3(c) of the 
Agreement relating to compensation payable to ING USA for managerial and 
supervisory services; and (ii) Section 11 of the Agreement to provide for 
the laws of Iowa as the governing law of the Agreement. Capitalized terms 
not defined in this Amendment shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the Agreement.
 
2.         Amendment to Section 3 of the Agreement. Section 3 is amended by 
the deletion of subparagraph (c) and the insertion of the following 
provision as subparagraph (c) thereof;
 
(c)     Expenses for managerial and supervisory services  DSL shall pay 
to ING USA on a monthly basis in arrears, an amount equal to the product of 
the Monthly Rate (as hereinafter defined) times the Monthly AUM (as 
hereinafter defined). Monthly Rate shall mean for any month, the amount 
derived by dividing total average assets ING Investors Trust for such month 
by the net income earned by ING Investors Trust for such month. Monthly AUM 
shall mean for any month, that portion of the total average assets of ING 
Investors Trust for such month that is attributable to ING USA deposits.
 
3.         Amendment to Section 11 of the Agreement. Section 11 is deleted 
and the following provision is inserted in lieu thereof:
 
 
11. Governing Law.
This Agreement is made pursuant to, and shall be governed by, interpreted 
under, and the rights of the parties determined in accordance with, the 
laws of the State of Iowa.
 
4.         Amended Agreement. Except as specifically amended by this 
Amendment, each and every term of the Agreement remains in full force and 
effect.
 
5.         Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in separate 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
8
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be duly 
executed on August 9, 2007.
 
ING USA Annuity and Life Insurance Company
 
By: /s/ Alice W. Su
 
Alice W. Su
 
Vice President and Actuary
 
 
Directed Services LLC
 
By: /s/ Alyce L. Shaw
 
Alyce L. Shaw
 
Vice President
 
 
 
9
 
 