 EX-10.4 7 m0839exhibit104.htm ISSUER SUBI CERTIFICATE TRANSFER AGREEMENT
EXECUTION COPY














BMW AUTO LEASING LLC,
as Transferor,


and


BMW VEHICLE LEASE TRUST 2007-1,
as Transferee



ISSUER SUBI CERTIFICATE TRANSFER AGREEMENT


Dated as of November 2, 2007








------------------------------------------------------------------------


TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page



ARTICLE ONE
DEFINITIONS


            Section 1.01.
            Definitions
            2
            Section 1.02.
            Interpretive Provisions
            2


ARTICLE TWO
TRANSFER OF 2007-1 SUBI CERTIFICATE


            Section 2.01.
            Transfer of 2007-1 SUBI Certificate
            2
            Section 2.02.
            True Sale
            3
            Section 2.03.
            Representations and Warranties of the Transferor and the
            Transferee.
            3
            Section 2.04.
            Financing Statement and Books and Records.
            6
            Section 2.05.
            Acceptance by the Transferee
            7


ARTICLE THREE
MISCELLANEOUS


            Section 3.01.
            Amendment
            7
            Section 3.02.
            Governing Law
            7
            Section 3.03.
            Severability
            7
            Section 3.04.
            Binding Effect
            8
            Section 3.05.
            Headings
            8
            Section 3.06.
            Counterparts
            8
            Section 3.07.
            Further Assurances
            8
            Section 3.08.
            Third-Party Beneficiaries
            8
            Section 3.09.
            No Petition
            8
            Section 3.10.
            No Recourse
            8
            Section 3.11.
            Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee
            9




------------------------------------------------------------------------


ISSUER SUBI CERTIFICATE TRANSFER AGREEMENT


This Issuer SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement, dated as of November 2, 
2007 (the Agreement), is between BMW Auto Leasing LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company, as transferor (the Transferor), and BMW Vehicle Lease 
Trust 2007-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the Issuer), as transferee (in 
such capacity, the Transferee).


RECITALS


WHEREAS, BMW Manufacturing L.P. (BMW LP), as Grantor and UTI Beneficiary 
and The Bank of New York (Delaware), as Trustee, have entered into that 
certain amended and restated trust agreement, dated as of September 27, 
1996, as further amended as of May 25, 2000 and December 1, 2006 (the 
Vehicle Trust Agreement), pursuant to which Financial Services Vehicle 
Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (the Trust), will take assignments and 
conveyances of and hold in trust various assets (the Trust Assets);


WHEREAS, the parties to the Vehicle Trust Agreement supplemented the 
Vehicle Trust Agreement with a supplement, dated as of November 2, 2007 
(together with the Vehicle Trust Agreement, the SUBI Trust Agreement), to 
establish one special unit of beneficial interest (the 2007-1 SUBI);


WHEREAS, in connection with the SUBI Trust Agreement a separate portfolio 
of Leases (the Specified Leases), the Vehicles that are leased under the 
Specified Leases (the Specified Vehicles) and certain other related 
assets of the Vehicle Trust will be allocated to the 2007-1 SUBI, and;


WHEREAS, the Vehicle Trust has issued to BMW LP a certificate evidencing a 
beneficial interest in the 2007-1 SUBI (the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate);


WHEREAS, BMW LP has transferred and assigned, without recourse, all of BMW 
LPs right, title and interest in and to the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate to the 
Transferor pursuant to that certain SUBI certificate transfer agreement, 
dated as of November 2, 2007 (the SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement), 
between BMW LP and the Transferor;


WHEREAS, the Issuer was formed pursuant to that certain trust agreement, 
dated as of October 15, 2007, as amended and restated as of November 2, 
2007 (the Trust Agreement), between the Transferor and Wilmington Trust 
Company, as owner trustee;


WHEREAS, the Transferor and the Transferee desire to enter into this 
Agreement to provide for the transfer and assignment by the Transferor to 
the Transferee, without recourse, of all of the Transferors right, title 
and interest in and to the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate and the interest in the 
2007-1 SUBI represented thereby; and


WHEREAS, immediately after the transfer of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate to 
the Issuer, the Issuer shall pledge the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate to 
Citibank, N.A., as Indenture Trustee (the Indenture Trustee) pursuant to 
that certain indenture, dated as of November 2, 2007 (the Indenture), 
between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants 
herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:


ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS


Section 1.01.
Definitions.  Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined 
shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the SUBI Trust Agreement, the 
Trust Agreement or the Indenture, as the case may be.


Agreement means this Agreement, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time.


Assets has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01.


Indenture has the meaning set forth in the recitals.


SUBI Trust Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals.


Trust Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals.


Section 1.02.
Interpretive Provisions.  For all purposes of this Agreement, except as 
otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires, (i) 
terms used in this Agreement include, as appropriate, all genders and the 
plural as well as the singular, (ii) references to words such as herein, 
hereof and the like shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to 
any particular part, Article or Section within this Agreement, (iii) the 
term include and all variations thereof shall mean include without 
limitation and (iv) the term proceeds shall have the meaning ascribed 
thereto in the UCC.


ARTICLE TWO

TRANSFER OF 2007-1 SUBI CERTIFICATE


Section 2.01.
Transfer of 2007-1 SUBI Certificate.  In consideration of the Transferees 
delivery to, or upon the order of, the Transferor of  $1,250,000,000 
aggregate principal amount of Notes and the Trust Certificates (the 
Transfer Price), the Transferor hereby absolutely sells, transfers, 
assigns and otherwise conveys to the Transferee, without recourse, and the 
Transferee does hereby purchase and acquire all of the following 
(collectively, the Assets):


      (i)
      all right, title and interest in and to the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate
      and the interest in the 2007-1 SUBI represented thereby, including
      all monies due and paid thereon or in respect thereof;


      (ii)
      the beneficial rights evidenced thereby in any property that
      underlies or may be deemed to secure the interest in the 2007-1 SUBI
      represented by the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate;


      (iii)
      all of the Transferors rights and benefits, as Holder of the 2007-1
      SUBI Certificate under the Servicing Agreement and the SUBI Trust
      Agreement;


      (iv)
      all of the Transferors rights to and benefits in the 2007-1 SUBI
      under the SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement; and


      (v)
      all proceeds of the foregoing.


Section 2.02.
True Sale.  The parties hereto intend that the sale, transfer and 
assignment of the Assets constitute a true sale and assignment of the 
Assets such that any interest in and title to the Assets would not be 
property of the Transferors estate in the event the Transferor becomes a 
debtor in a case under any bankruptcy law.  To the extent that the 
conveyance of the Assets hereunder is characterized by a court or similar 
governmental authority as a financing, it is intended by the Transferor and 
the Transferee that the interest conveyed constitute a first priority grant 
of a perfected security interest under the UCC as in effect in the State of 
New York by the Transferor to the Transferee to secure the security 
obligations of the Transferor under the Basic Documents.  The Transferor 
does hereby grant to the Transferee a security interest in all of its 
rights, title and privileges and interest in and to the Assets and the 
parties hereto agree that this Agreement constitutes a security agreement 
under all applicable law.


Section 2.03.
Representations and Warranties of the Transferor and the Transferee.


(a)
The Transferor hereby represents and warrants to the Transferee as of the 
date of this Agreement and the Closing Date that:


      (i)
      Organization and Good Standing.  The Transferor is a limited
      liability company duly formed, validly existing and in good standing
      under the laws of the State of Delaware, and has power and authority
      to own its properties and to conduct its business as such properties
      are currently owned and such business is presently conducted, and had
      at all relevant times, and shall have, power, authority and legal
      right to acquire, own and sell the Assets.


      (ii)
      Due Qualification.  The Transferor is duly qualified to do business
      as a foreign limited liability company in good standing, and has
      obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in
      which the ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its
      business shall require such qualifications, except where the failure
      to have any such license, approval or qualification would not have a
      material adverse effect on the condition, financial or otherwise, of
      the Transferor or would not have a material adverse effect on the
      ability of the Transferor to perform its obligations under this
      Agreement.


      (iii)
      Power and Authority.  The Transferor shall have the power and
      authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its
      terms; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
      shall have been duly authorized by the Transferor by all necessary
      corporate action.


      (iv)
      Binding Obligation.  This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and
      binding obligation of the Transferor, enforceable against it in
      accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be subject to
      or limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
      liquidation or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
      creditors rights in general and by general principles of equity,
      regardless of whether such enforceability shall be considered in a
      proceeding in equity or at law.


      (v)
      No Violation.  The execution, delivery and performance by the
      Transferor of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
      contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms
      hereof shall not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the
      terms and provisions of, nor constitute (with or without notice or
      lapse of time) a default under, the limited liability company
      agreement of the Transferor, or conflict with or breach any of the
      material terms or provisions of, or constitute (with or without
      notice or lapse of time) a default under, any indenture, agreement or
      other instrument to which the Transferor is a party or by which it
      may be bound or any of its properties are subject; nor result in the
      creation or imposition of any lien upon any of its properties
      pursuant to the terms of any material indenture, agreement or other
      instrument (other than this Agreement); nor violate any law or, to
      the knowledge of the Transferor, any order, rule or regulation
      applicable to it or its properties of any court or of any federal or
      state regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental
      instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Transferor or any of its
      properties.


      (vi)
      No Proceedings.  There are no proceedings or investigations pending
      or, to the knowledge of the Transferor, threatened against the
      Transferor, before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency
      or other tribunal or governmental instrumentality (A) asserting the
      invalidity of this Agreement, (B) seeking to prevent the consummation
      of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (C)
      seeking any determination or ruling that, in the reasonable judgment
      of the Transferor, would materially and adversely affect the
      performance by the Transferor of its obligations under this
      Agreement.


      (vii)
      Title to 2007-1 SUBI Certificate.  Immediately prior to the transfer
      of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate pursuant to this Agreement, the
      Transferor (A) is the true and lawful owner of the 2007-1 SUBI
      Certificate and it has the legal right to transfer the 2007-1 SUBI
      Certificate; (B) has good and valid title to the 2007-1 SUBI
      Certificate and the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate is on the date hereof
      free and clear of all Liens; (C) will convey good, valid and
      indefeasible title to the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate to the Transferee
      under this Agreement.


(b)
Perfection Representations. The representations, warranties and covenants 
set forth on Schedule I hereto shall be a part of this Agreement for all 
purposes. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any 
other Basic Document, the perfection representations contained in Schedule 
I shall be continuing, and remain in full force and effect until such time 
as all obligations under the Indenture have been finally and fully paid and 
performed. The parties to this Agreement: (i) shall not waive any of the 
perfection representations contained in Schedule I; (ii) shall provide the 
Rating Agencies with prompt written notice of any breach of perfection 
representations contained in Schedule I; and (iii) shall not waive a breach 
of any of the perfection representations contained in Schedule I.


(c)
The Transferee hereby represents and warrants to the Transferor as of the 
date of this Agreement and the Closing Date that:


      (i)
      Organization and Good Standing.  The Transferee is a statutory trust
      duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
      the State of Delaware, and has power and authority to own its
      properties and to conduct its business as such properties are
      currently owned and such business is presently conducted, and had at
      all relevant times, and shall have, power, authority and legal right
      to acquire, own and sell the Assets.


      (ii)
      Due Qualification.  The Transferee is duly qualified to do business
      as a foreign trust in good standing, and has obtained all necessary
      licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or
      lease of property or the conduct of its business shall require such
      qualifications, except where the failure to have any such license,
      approval or qualification would not have a material adverse effect on
      the condition, financial or otherwise, of the Transferee or would not
      have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Transferee to
      perform its obligations under this Agreement.


      (iii)
      Power and Authority.  The Transferee shall have the power and
      authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its
      terms; and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
      shall have been duly authorized by the Transferee by all necessary
      corporate action.


      (iv)
      Binding Obligation.  This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and
      binding obligation of the Transferee, enforceable against it in
      accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be subject to
      or limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
      liquidation or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
      creditors rights in general and by general principles of equity,
      regardless of whether such enforceability shall be considered in a
      proceeding in equity or at law.


      (v)
      No Violation.  The execution, delivery and performance of this
      Agreement by the Transferee and the consummation of the transactions
      contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms
      hereof shall not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the
      terms and provisions of, nor constitute (with or without notice or
      lapse of time) a default under, the trust agreement of the
      Transferee, or conflict with or breach any of the material terms or
      provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of
      time) a default under, any indenture, agreement or other instrument
      to which the Transferee is a party or by which it may be bound or any
      of its properties are subject; nor result in the creation or
      imposition of any lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the
      terms of any material indenture, agreement or other instrument (other
      than this Agreement); nor violate any law or, to the knowledge of the
      Transferee, any order, rule or regulation applicable to it or its
      properties of any court or of any federal or state regulatory body,
      administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality having
      jurisdiction over the Transferee or any of its properties.


      (vi)
      No Proceedings.  There are no proceedings or investigations pending
      or, to the knowledge of the Transferee, threatened against the
      Transferee, before any court, regulatory body, administrative agency
      or other tribunal or governmental instrumentality (A) asserting the
      invalidity of this Agreement, (B) seeking to prevent the consummation
      of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (C)
      seeking any determination or ruling that, in the reasonable judgment
      of the Transferee, would materially and adversely affect the
      performance by the Transferee of its obligations under this
      Agreement.


(d)
The representations and warranties set forth in this Section shall survive 
the sale of the Assets by the Transferor to the Transferee and the pledge 
of the Assets by the Transferee to the Indenture Trustee.  Upon discovery 
by the Transferor, the Transferee or the Indenture Trustee of a breach of 
any of the foregoing representations and warranties, the party discovering 
such breach shall give prompt written notice to the others.


Section 2.04.
Financing Statement and Books and Records.


(a)
In connection with the conveyance of the Assets hereunder, the Transferor 
agrees that prior to the Closing Date, it will file, at its own expense, 
one or more financing statements with respect to the Assets meeting the 
requirements of applicable state law in such manner as necessary to perfect 
the sale of the Assets to the Transferor, and the proceeds thereof (and any 
continuation statements as are required by applicable state law), and to 
deliver a file-stamped copy of each such financing statement (or 
continuation statement) or other evidence of such filings (which may, for 
purposes of this Section, consist of telephone confirmation of such filings 
with the file stamped copy of each such filings to be provided to the 
Transferee in due course), as soon as is practicable after receipt by the 
Transferor thereof.


(b)
The Transferor further agrees that it will treat the transfer of the Assets 
as a sale for accounting purposes, take no actions inconsistent with the 
Transferees ownership of the Assets and on or prior to the Closing Date 
indicate on its books, records and statements that the Assets have been 
sold to the Transferee.


(c)
If the Transferor makes any change in its jurisdiction of organization 
(within the meaning of the applicable UCC), name or corporate structure 
that would make any financing statement or continuation statement filed in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above seriously misleading within the 
applicable provisions of the UCC or any title statute, the Transferor shall 
give the Transferee written notice thereof at least 30 days prior to such 
change and shall promptly file such financing statements or amendments as 
may be necessary to continue the perfection of the Transferors interest in 
the Assets.


Section 2.05.
Acceptance by the Transferee.  The Transferee agrees to comply with all 
covenants and restrictions applicable to a Holder of the 2007-1 SUBI 
Certificate and the interest in the 2007-1 SUBI represented thereby, 
whether set forth in the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate, in the SUBI Trust 
Agreement or otherwise, and assumes all obligations and liabilities, if 
any, associated therewith.


ARTICLE THREE

MISCELLANEOUS


Section 3.01.
Amendment.  This Agreement may be amended from time to time in a writing 
signed by the parties hereto.


Section 3.02.
Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to any 
otherwise applicable principles of conflicts of laws (other than Section 
5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law).


Section 3.03.
Severability.  If one or more of the covenants, agreements or provisions of 
this Agreement shall be for any reason whatever held invalid or 
unenforceable, such provisions shall be deemed severable from the remaining 
covenants, agreements and provisions of this Agreement, and such invalidity 
or unenforceability shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability 
of such remaining covenants, agreements and provisions, or the rights of 
any parties hereto.  To the extent permitted by law, the parties hereto 
waive any provision of law that renders any provision of this Agreement 
invalid or unenforceable in any respect.


Section 3.04.
Binding Effect.  The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and 
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted successors 
and assigns.


Section 3.05.
Headings.  The Article and Section headings are for convenience of 
reference only and shall not define or limit any of the terms or provisions 
hereof.


Section 3.06.
Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be 
an original, but all of which counterparts shall together constitute but 
one and the same instrument.


Section 3.07.
Further Assurances.  Each party hereto shall do such acts, and execute and 
deliver to the other party such additional documents or instruments as may 
be reasonably requested in order to effect the purposes of this Agreement 
and to better assure and confirm unto the requesting party its rights, 
powers and remedies hereunder.


Section 3.08.
Third-Party Beneficiaries.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, 
no Person shall have any right or obligation hereunder.


Section 3.09.
No Petition.  Each of the parties hereto covenants and agrees that prior to 
the date that is one year and one day after the date upon which all 
obligations and payments under the related transaction documents have been 
paid in full, they will not (and, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, the Indenture Trustee shall not have the power to) 
institute against, or join in any institution against the UTI Beneficiary, 
the Vehicle Trustee, the Vehicle Trust, the Transferee, the Transferor, the 
Issuer, any other Affiliate or any beneficiary, any bankruptcy, 
reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding or other 
proceeding under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar 
law in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes, the 
Indenture, the Interest Rate Cap Agreement or any of the related 
transaction documents.


Section 3.10.
No Recourse.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this 
Agreement, the obligations of the Transferor under this Agreement are 
non-recourse obligations of the Transferor, and shall be payable by the 
Transferor, solely from the proceeds of the 2007-1 SUBI Assets and the 
Servicing Agreement. No amount owing by the Transferor hereunder in excess 
of the liabilities that it is required to pay in accordance with the 
preceding sentence shall constitute a claim (as defined in Section 101(5) 
of the Bankruptcy Code) against it.  In the event that, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Transferee is deemed to have any interest in any Other SUBI 
Assets that may be acquired by the Transferor from time to time, the 
Transferee agrees that such interest shall be subordinate to the interests 
of holders of other securities to the payment of which such Other SUBI 
Assets shall be dedicated.  The agreement set forth in the preceding 
sentence shall constitute a subordination agreement for purposes of Section 
510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.   No recourse shall be had for the payment 
of any amount owing hereunder or for the payment of any fee hereunder or 
any other obligation of, or claim against, the Transferor arising out of or 
based upon this Agreement, against any stockholder, employee, officer, 
agent, director or authorized person of the Transferor or Affiliate 
thereof; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not relieve any such 
person or entity of any liability they might otherwise have as a result of 
fraudulent actions or omissions taken by them.


Section 3.11.
Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee.  Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein to the contrary, this instrument has been signed by 
Wilmington Trust Company not in its individual capacity but solely in its 
capacity as Owner Trustee of the Issuer and in no event shall Wilmington 
Trust Company in its individual capacity or, except as expressly provided 
in the Trust Agreement, as Owner Trustee of the Issuer have any liability 
for the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or other 
obligations of the Issuer hereunder or in any of the certificates, notices 
or agreements delivered pursuant hereto, as to all of which recourse shall 
be had solely to the assets of the Issuer in accordance with the priorities 
set forth herein.  For all purposes of this Agreement, in the performance 
of any duties or obligations of the Issuer hereunder, the Owner Trustee 
shall be subject to, and entitled to the benefits of, the terms and 
provisions of Articles Six, Seven and Eight of the Trust Agreement.


[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]




------------------------------------------------------------------------


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed by their respective officers duly authorized as of the day 
and year first above written.


                                   BMW AUTO LEASING LLC,
                                   as Transferor


                                  By:
                                               /s/ Kerstin Zerbst
                                      Name:  Kerstin Zerbst
                                      Title:    Vice President-Finance


                                  By:
                                               /s/ Joachim Herr
                                      Name:  Joachim Herr
                                      Title:    Treasurer


                                   BMW VEHICLE LEASE TRUST 2007-1,
                                   as Transferee

                                   By:
                                   Wilmington Trust Company,
                                   not in its individual capacity but
                                   solely as
                                   Owner Trustee


                                  By:
                                               /s/ James P. Lawler
                                      Name:  James P. Lawler
                                      Title:    Vice President



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Schedule I


Perfection Representations, Warranties and Covenants

In addition to the representations, warranties and covenants contained in 
the Issuer SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement, BMW Auto Leasing LLC, as 
depositor (the Depositor), hereby represents, warrants, and covenants to 
BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1, as transferee (the Transferee), as 
follows on the Closing Date:

      1.
      The Issuer SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement creates a valid and
      continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in
      the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate in favor of the Transferee, which
      security interest is prior to all other Liens and is enforceable as
      such as against creditors of and purchasers from the Depositor.

      2. The 2007-1 SUBI Certificate constitutes a general intangible,
      instrument, certificated security, or tangible chattel paper,
      within the meaning of the applicable UCC.

      3. The Depositor owns and has good and marketable title to the 2007-1
      SUBI Certificate free and clear of any Liens, claim or encumbrance of
      any Person, excepting only liens for taxes, assessments or similar
      governmental charges or levies incurred in the ordinary course of
      business that are not yet due and payable or as to which any
      applicable grace period shall not have expired, or that are being
      contested in good faith by proper proceedings and for which adequate
      reserves have been established, but only so long as foreclosure with
      respect to such a lien is not imminent and the use and value of the
      property to which the Lien attaches is not impaired during the
      pendency of such proceeding.

      4. The Depositor has received all consents and approvals to the sale
      of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate under the Issuer SUBI Certificate
      Transfer Agreement to the Transferee required by the terms of the
      2007-1 SUBI Certificate to the extent that it constitutes an
      instrument or a payment intangible.

      5. The Depositor has received all consents and approvals required by
      the terms of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate, to the extent that it
      constitutes a securities entitlement, certificated security or
      uncertificated security, to the transfer to the Transferee of its
      interest and rights in the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate under the Issuer
      SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement.

      6. The Depositor has caused or will have caused, within ten days
      after the effective date of the Issuer SUBI Certificate Transfer
      Agreement, the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the
      proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under
      applicable law in order to perfect the sale of the 2007-1 SUBI
      Certificate from the Depositor to the Transferee and the security
      interest in the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate granted under the Issuer SUBI
      Certificate Transfer Agreement.

      7. To the extent that the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate constitutes an
      instrument or tangible chattel paper, all original executed copies of
      each such instrument or tangible chattel paper have been delivered to
      the Transferee.

      8. Other than the transfer of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate from BMW
      Manufacturing L.P. to the Depositor under the SUBI Certificate
      Transfer Agreement and from the Depositor to the Transferee under the
      Issuer SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement and the security interest
      granted to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture, the
      Depositor has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security
      interest in, or otherwise conveyed the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate. The
      Depositor has not authorized the filing of, nor is aware of, any
      financing statements against the Depositor that include a description
      of collateral covering the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate other than any
      financing statement relating to any security interest granted
      pursuant to the Basic Documents or that has been terminated.

      9. No instrument or tangible chattel paper that constitutes or
      evidences the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate has any marks or notations
      indicating that it has been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed
      to any Person other than the Indenture Trustee.





