 EX-10.59 30 aquatic_ex1059.txt EXHIBIT 10.59 Exhibit 10.59 AQUATIC 
CELLULOSE INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 331 4th Street NE Salmon Arm, B.C. 
Canada VIE 2X0 April 30, 2007 AJW Partners, LLC AJW Offshore, Ltd. AJW 
Qualified Partners, LLC 1044 Northern Boulevard Suite 302 Roslyn, New York 
11576 Re: Aquatic Cellulose International Corporation (the "Company") - 
Amendment of all Debentures Issued to Ajw Partners, LLC, ALW Offshore, Ltd. 
and AJW Qualified Partners, LLC (The "Debentures"). Ladies and Gentlemen: 
This letter sets forth the agreement of the parties hereto to provide for 
(i) an amendment of the conversion price of certain debentures which are 
convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, par value $.001 per 
share (the "Common Stock"), originally issued by the Company to AJW 
PARTNERS, LLC; AJW OFFSHORE, Ltd. and AJW QUALIFIED PARTNERS, LLC, 
(collectively, the "Investors"). 1. By execution hereof, for good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree that: The Applicable Percentage (as 
defined in the Debentures) is hereby amended to be 25.0%. 2. All other 
provisions of the Debentures shall remain in full force and effect. The 
parties shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such 
further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other 
agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other parties 
hereto may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and 
accomplish the purposes of this letter agreement, including without 
limitation the issuance of amended Debentures. Please signify your 
agreement with the foregoing by signing a copy of this letter where 
indicated and returning it to the undersigned. Sincerely, AQUATIC CELLULOSE 
INTERNATIONAL, INC. /s/ Sharidan B. Westgarde --------------------------- 
Sheridan B. Westgarde President ACCEPTED AND AGREED: AJW PARTNERS, LLC By: 
SMS GROUP, LLC __________________________ Corey S. Ribotsky, Manager AJW 
OFFSHORE, LTD. By: FIRST STREET MANAGER II, LLC __________________________ 
Corey S. Ribotsky, Manager AJW QUALIFIED PARTNERS, LLC By: AJW MANAGER, LLC 
__________________________ Corey S. Ribotsky, Manager