 EX-10.4 4 dex104.htm DIRECTORS' DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
Exhibit 10.4


FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF INDIANAPOLIS


2005 DIRECTORS DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN


(Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2008)


Krieg DeVault LLP
One Indiana Square, Suite 2800
Indianapolis, IN 46204-2079
www.kriegdevault.com

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ADOPTION OF
FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF INDIANAPOLIS
2005 DIRECTORS DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN


Pursuant to resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Federal 
Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis (the Company), the undersigned officers of 
the Company hereby adopt the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis 2005 
Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective as of 
January 1, 2008, on behalf of the Company, in the form attached hereto.


Dated this                 day of             , 2007.
 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF INDIANAPOLIS
By: 	  	 
  	Paul C. Clabuesch, Chairman
By: 	  	 
  	Charles L. Crow, Vice Chairman
 
ATTEST:
By: 	  	 
  	Jonathan R. West, Corporate Secretary

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF INDIANAPOLIS
2005 DIRECTORS DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN


TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	  	   	PAGE

 Article I INTRODUCTION

   	1

   Section 1.1

   	Purpose 	   	1

   Section 1.2

   	Effective Date; Plan Year 	   	1

   Section 1.3

   	Administration 	   	1

   Section 1.4

   	Supplements 	   	1

   Section 1.5

   	Definitions 	   	1

 Article II ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION

   	2

   Section 2.1

   	Eligibility 	   	2

   Section 2.2

   	Participation 	   	2

 Article III CONTRIBUTIONS AND ALLOCATIONS

   	2

   Section 3.1

   	Participant Deferral Contributions 	   	2

   Section 3.2

   	Deferral Elections 	   	2

   Section 3.3

   	Plan Account 	   	4

   Section 3.4

   	Investment Credits 	   	4

   Section 3.5

   	Account Allocations 	   	4

 Article IV BENEFIT PAYMENTS

   	5

   Section 4.1

   	Time of Payment of Benefits 	   	5

   Section 4.2

   	Method of Payment 	   	5

   Section 4.3

   	Method of Payment Elections 	   	6

   Section 4.4

   	Vesting 	   	6

   Section 4.5

   	Death or Disability of the Participant 	   	6

   Section 4.6

   	Unforeseeable Emergency 	   	7

   Section 4.7

   	Acceleration of Time of Payment 	   	8
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Article V PLAN ADMINISTRATION

   	10

   Section 5.1

   	Appointment of the Committee 	   	10

   Section 5.2

   	Powers and Responsibilities of the Committee 	   	10

   Section 5.3

   	Liabilities 	   	11

   Section 5.4

   	Disclosure to Participant Upon Separation from Service 	   	11

   Section 5.5

   	Plan Expenses 	   	11

 Article VI BENEFIT CLAIMS

   	11

 Article VII FUNDING AND TRANSFERS

   	11

   Section 7.1

   	Unfunded Status 	   	11

   Section 7.2

   	Investments 	   	12

 Article VIII AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN

   	12

   Section 8.1

   	Amendment of the Plan 	   	12

   Section 8.2

   	Termination of the Plan 	   	12

 Article IX MISCELLANEOUS

   	12

   Section 9.1

   	Governing Law 	   	12

   Section 9.2

   	Headings and Gender 	   	12

   Section 9.3

   	Spendthrift Clause 	   	12

   Section 9.4

   	Counterparts 	   	12

   Section 9.5

   	No Enlargement of Employment Rights 	   	13

   Section 9.6

   	Limitations on Liability 	   	13

   Section 9.7

   	Incapacity of Participant or Beneficiary 	   	13

   Section 9.8

   	Evidence 	   	13

   Section 9.9

   	Action by Bank 	   	13

   Section 9.10

   	Severability 	   	13

   Section 9.11

   	Information to be Furnished by a Participant 	   	13

   Section 9.12

   	Attorneys Fees 	   	13

   Section 9.13

   	Binding on Successors 	   	14
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE I


INTRODUCTION


Section 1.1 Purpose. The purpose of the Federal Home Loan Bank of 
Indianapolis 2005 Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan) is to 
permit members of the Board of Directors (the Board) of the Federal Home 
Loan Bank of Indianapolis (the Bank) to elect to defer all or a portion 
of the fees payable to them for their services as Board members. It is the 
intention of the Bank that the Plan constitute a deferred compensation 
arrangement that complies with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the Code). Consequently, the Plan will be administered 
and its provisions interpreted consistently with that intention.


Section 1.2 Effective Date; Plan Year. The Effective Date of the Plan is 
January 1, 2008. The Plan Year is the 12-month period beginning on each 
January 1 and ending on the next following December 31.


Section 1.3 Administration. The Plan will be administered by an 
administrative committee (the Committee) appointed by the Board, which 
will initially be the Human Resources Committee of the Board. The 
Committee, from time to time, may adopt any rules and procedures it deems 
necessary or desirable for the proper and efficient administration of the 
Plan that are consistent with the terms of the Plan. Any notice or document 
required to be given or filed with the Committee will be properly given or 
filed if delivered to or mailed, by registered mail, postage paid, to the 
Corporate Secretary of the Board of Directors, Federal Home Loan Bank of 
Indianapolis, 8250 Woodfield Crossing Boulevard, Suite 400, Indianapolis, 
Indiana 46240.


Section 1.4 Supplements. The provisions of the Plan may be modified by 
supplements to the Plan. The terms and provisions of each supplement are a 
part of the Plan and supersede any other provisions of the Plan to the 
extent necessary to eliminate any inconsistencies between the supplement 
and any other Plan provisions.


Section 1.5 Definitions. The following terms are defined in the Plan in the 
following Sections:
 
Term
   	Plan Section

 Acceleration Event

   	4.7

 Account

   	3.3

 Bank

   	1.1

 Board

   	1.1

 Code

   	1.1

 Director

   	2.1

 Disabled

   	4.5(b)

 Effective Date

   	1.2

 Fees

   	3.1

 Investment Account

   	7.2

 Participant

   	2.2

 Participant Deferral Contribution

   	3.1

 Plan

   	1.1

 Plan Year

   	1.2

 Separation from Service

   	4.1(c)

 Trust

   	7.1

 Unforeseeable Emergency

   	3.2(e)
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE II


ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION


Section 2.1 Eligibility. Any duly elected and serving member of the Board 
(Director) may become a Participant in the Plan as of the later of the 
Effective Date or the date the individual becomes a Director.


Section 2.2 Participation. A Director will become a Participant by 
completing a deferral election form pursuant to Article III. A Participant 
will cease to be an active Participant effective as of the date the Plan is 
terminated or the date the Director is no longer serving as a Director, so 
that he will not be entitled to make deferrals under Article III on or 
after that date.


ARTICLE III


CONTRIBUTIONS AND ALLOCATIONS


Section 3.1 Participant Deferral Contributions. Subject to the terms and 
limitations of this Article III, a Participant may elect, pursuant to 
Section 3.2, to have all or a portion of his Fees payable in any Plan Year 
withheld by the Company and credited as a Participant Deferral 
Contribution under this Plan. The term contribution is used for ease of 
reference; however, credits are merely credits to each Participants 
Account, which is a bookkeeping account. The term Fees for purposes of 
this Plan means all fees payable to the Participant for a Plan Year for the 
Participants services as a Director.


Section 3.2 Deferral Elections. Participant Deferral Contributions will be 
withheld from a Participants Fees in accordance with the following terms 
and conditions.
 
  	(a) 	Requirement for Deferral Elections. As a condition to the Banks 
obligation to withhold and the Committees obligation to credit Participant 
Deferral Contributions for the benefit of a Participant pursuant to Section 
3.1, the Participant must complete and file a deferral election form with 
the Committee (in a format prescribed by the Committee).
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(b) 	Timing of Execution and Delivery of Elections. To be effective to 
defer any portion of a Participants Fees, a deferral election form must be 
filed with the Committee on or prior to the last day of the calendar year 
preceding the Plan Year in which the services giving rise to the Fees are 
performed. For example, to defer Fees payable with respect to services 
performed during the 2008 Plan Year, an election must be filed on or before 
December 31, 2007.
 
  	(c) 	Initial Eligibility. In the case of the first Plan Year in which an 
individual becomes a Director, the deferral election form may be filed at 
any time within 30 days of the date the individual becomes a Director 
(rather than the date specified under subsection (b)). This initial 
election will only apply to Fees paid for services performed after the 
filing of the deferral election form. This special initial eligibility 
election rule will not apply if the Participant is or has been a 
participant in a deferred compensation arrangement required to be 
aggregated with this Plan under the rules of Code Section 409A.
 
  	(d) 	Modification of Deferral Elections. Subject to the provisions of 
subsection 3.2(e), once made for a Plan Year, a deferral election will 
remain in effect for that Plan Year, unless and until the election is 
revoked or a new election filed. The revocation or new election must be 
filed in accordance with the requirements of subsection (b) above. No 
deferral election may be changed for Fees payable for a Plan Year after the 
last day of the election period described in subsection 3.2(b). For 
example, except as provided in subsections 3.2(e) and (f), any election in 
place for 2008 Fees may not be changed after December 31, 2007.
 
  	(e) 	Unforeseeable Emergency. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may 
cancel a Participants election to defer Fees if the Committee determines 
the Participant has suffered an Unforeseeable Emergency. The cancellation 
will apply to the period after the Committees determination. The 
Participant must submit a signed statement of the facts causing the severe 
financial hardship and any other information required by the Committee, in 
its sole discretion. Unforeseeable Emergency means a severe financial 
hardship of the Participant resulting from an illness or accident of the 
Participant, the Participants spouse, the Participants beneficiary, or 
the Participants dependent (as defined in Code Section 152(a), without 
regard to Code Sections 152(b)(1), (b)(2) and (d)(1)(B)); loss of the 
Participants property due to casualty (including the need to rebuild a 
home following damage to a home not otherwise covered by insurance, for 
example, not as a result of a natural disaster); imminent foreclosure of or 
eviction from the Participants primary residence; the need to pay for 
medical expenses, including non-refundable deductibles, as well as for the 
costs of prescription drug medication; the need to pay for the funeral 
expenses of a spouse or a dependent (as defined in Code Section 152(a)) or 
other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a 
result of events beyond the control of the Participant.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(f) 	Disability. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may cancel a 
Participants election to defer Fees if the Committee determines that the 
Participant has suffered a disability, where such cancellation occurs by 
the later of the end of the taxable year of the Participant, or the 15th 
day of the third month following the date the Participant incurs a 
disability. For purposes of this subsection, a disability refers to any 
medically determinable physical or mental impairment resulting in the 
Participants inability to perform the duties of his or her position or any 
substantially similar position, where such impairment can be expected to 
result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not 
less than six months.


Section 3.3 Plan Account. The Committee will establish and maintain an 
Account on the Banks records under the Plan for each Participant and 
will increase and decrease a Participants Account as provided in Section 
3.5.


Section 3.4 Investment Credits. A Participants Account will be increased 
or decreased to reflect the increase or decrease in the value of the 
Investment Account established for the Participant pursuant to Section 7.2.


Section 3.5 Account Allocations. As of each accounting date, each 
Participants Account will be:
 
  	(i) 	Increased by the amount credited to the Account under Section 3.1 
since the last accounting;
 
  	(ii) 	Increased or decreased by the amount determined under Section 3.4 
since the last accounting; and
 
  	(iii) 	Decreased by any payment made under Article IV.


The accounting date under this Section will be any date determined by the 
Committee. However, the accounting required under this Section must be 
made, at a minimum, as of the last day of each Plan Year quarter.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE IV


BENEFIT PAYMENTS


Section 4.1 Time of Payment of Benefits. Except as provided in Sections 4.5 
through 4.7, a Participant will receive or will begin to receive payment of 
his Account balance (as determined under Article III) within 90 days 
following the date specified for payment or the commencement of payment 
effectively elected by the Participant as provided in this Section.
 
  	(a) 	Timing of Execution and Delivery of Payment Election. A Participant 
may elect the date his Account balance will be paid or will begin to be 
paid by completing and filing with the Committee an election form approved 
by the Committee. The specified date must be a date at least two years from 
the beginning of the Plan Year for which the first deferral under the Plan 
is made. To be effective, the election under this Section must be filed 
with the Committee no later than the time the Participant first makes a 
deferral election under this Plan (or under any other plan required to be 
aggregated with this Plan pursuant to the requirements of Code Section 
409A). In lieu of specifying a date certain, a Participant may elect to 
have payment made or commenced within a specified period of time following 
the date the Participant experiences a Separation from Service. If no 
date is specified, payment will be made or commenced within 90 days 
following the Participants Separation from Service.
 
  	(b) 	Change of Time of Payment. An election as to the date payment will 
be made or commenced may be changed by a Participant by filing a new 
payment election form with the Committee; provided, however, that: (i) the 
new election will not take effect until at least 12 months after the date 
the new election is filed, (ii) the single lump sum payment or the first 
payment of installment payments will be delayed for a period of not less 
than five years from the date the payment or first payment would otherwise 
have been made, and (iii) the new election is filed with the Committee at 
least 12 months prior to the date of the first scheduled payment under the 
Plan.
 
  	(c) 	Separation form Service. Separation from Service means the date 
on which the Participant ceases to be a Director, for any reason.


Section 4.2 Method of Payment. Except as provided in Sections 4.5 through 
4.7, the balance of a Participants Account will be distributed in cash in 
one of the following methods effectively elected by the Participant:
 
  	(a) 	A single lump sum payment;
 
  	(b) 	Annual installment payments over a period of two to 20 years; or
 
  	(c) 	A combination of the methods specified in subsections (a) and (b).


However, if the Participant Account is less than $10,000, then the entire 
Account will be paid in a single lump sum payment regardless of any 
Participant election to the contrary.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 4.3 Method of Payment Elections.
 
  	(a) 	Initial Election. A Participant may elect the method in which his 
Account balance will be paid to him under Section 4.2 in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of this Section. To make an election, a 
Participant must file an election with the Committee (on a form or forms 
prescribed by the Committee). To be effective, the Participants election 
of a payment method must be filed with the Committee by the time the 
Participant first makes a deferral election under the Plan. If no election 
is made or if the election is not timely or properly made, distribution 
will be made in the form of a single lump sum payment.
 
  	(b) 	Change of Method of Payment. An election as to the manner of 
payment may not be changed after the payment has been made or payments have 
commenced. Prior to that time, a Participant may change his election by 
filing a new election form with the Committee; provided, however, that: (i) 
the new election will not take effect until at least 12 months after the 
date the new election is filed; (ii) the single lump sum payment or the 
commencement of installment payments with respect to which such election is 
made must be deferred for a period of not less than five years from the 
date such payment would otherwise have been made; and (iii) the new 
election is filed at least 12 months prior to the date of the first 
scheduled payment under the Plan.
 
  	(c) 	Installments. If installment distributions are elected, the initial 
annual installment amount will be the Account balance otherwise payable in 
a single sum multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is one and 
the denominator of which is the total number of installment distributions. 
Subsequent annual installments will also be a fraction of the unpaid 
Account balance, the numerator of which is always one but the denominator 
of which is the denominator used in calculating the previous installment 
minus one. For example, if five annual installment payments are elected, 
the initial installment will be one-fifth of the vested single sum Account 
balance, the second installment will be one-fourth of the remaining Account 
balance and the third installment will be one-third of the remaining 
Account balance, and so on.


Section 4.4 Vesting. A Participant will be fully vested in his Account 
balance at all times.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 4.5 Death or Disability of the Participant. In the event a 
Participant Separates from Service due to the Participants Disability or 
if the Participant dies or becomes Disabled before he has received his 
entire Account balance, the unpaid balance will be paid to the Participant, 
or in the event of his death to his designated beneficiary or 
beneficiaries, in a single sum, within 90 days of the date of a 
determination by the Committee that the Participant is Disabled or within 
90 days of the date of the Participants death.
 
  	(a) 	Beneficiary Designations. A Participant may designate a beneficiary 
or beneficiaries to receive any amount payable under this Section as a 
result of his death. A Participant may change his designation of 
beneficiaries at any time by filing with the Committee a written notice of 
the change on a form approved by the Committee. Each beneficiary 
designation filed with the Committee will cancel all previously filed 
beneficiary designations. If no designation is in effect on the 
Participants death, or if the designated beneficiary does not survive the 
Participant, his beneficiary will be his surviving spouse, if any, and then 
his estate.
 
  	(b) 	Disability. A Participant is Disabled for purposes of the Plan if 
the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by 
reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which 
can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a 
continuous period of not less than 12 months. The Committee will be the 
sole and final judge of whether a Participant is Disabled for purposes of 
this Plan, after consideration of any evidence it may require, including 
the reports of any physician or physicians it may designate.


Section 4.6 Unforeseeable Emergency. In the event the Committee determines 
in its sole discretion that a Participant has experienced an Unforeseeable 
Emergency, as defined in subsection 3.2(e), all or a portion of a 
Participants Account may be distributed in a single lump sum payment no 
later than 90 days after the Committees determination. The Participant 
must submit a signed statement of the facts causing the severe financial 
hardship and any other information required by the Committee, in its sole 
discretion. Payment under this Section is subject to the following 
conditions:
 
  	(a) 	The emergency must not be able to be relieved through reimbursement 
or compensation from insurance or otherwise, by liquidation of the 
Participants assets, to the extent liquidation of such assets would not 
cause severe financial hardship, or by cessation of deferrals under this 
Plan.
 
  	(b) 	The amount of the distribution must be limited to the amount 
reasonably necessary to satisfy the emergency need (which may include 
amounts necessary to pay any Federal, state, or local income taxes or 
penalties reasonably anticipated to result from the distribution) and must 
take into account any additional compensation available due to cancellation 
of a deferral election under subsection 3.2(e). However, the determination 
of amounts reasonably necessary to satisfy the emergency need is not 
required to take into account any additional compensation that due to the 
unforeseeable emergency is available under another nonqualified deferred 
compensation plan but has not actually been paid, or that is available due 
to the unforeseeable emergency under another plan that would provide for 
deferred compensation except due to the application of the effective date 
provisions of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-6. The payment may be made from 
any plan in which the Participant participates that provides for payment 
upon an Unforeseeable Emergency, provided that the plan under which the 
payment was made must be designated at the time of payment.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 4.7 Acceleration of Time of Payment. Except as provided in Section 
4.6 or this Section, the time or schedule of payment of a Participants 
Account provided in Sections 4.1 through 4.5 may not be accelerated. The 
time or schedule of payment of a Participants Account may be accelerated 
in the following circumstances, each of which is an Acceleration Event, 
to a time that is no later than 90 days following the Committees 
determination that one of the Acceleration Events has occurred, and payment 
will be made in the form of a single lump sum:
 
  	(a) 	Domestic Relations Order. The time or schedule of a payment from a 
Participants Account may be accelerated to make a payment to an individual 
other than the Participant as may be necessary to fulfill a domestic 
relations order (as defined in Code Section 414(p)(1)(B)).
 
  	(b) 	Conflicts of Interest. The time or schedule of a payment from a 
Participants Account may be accelerated to the extent reasonably necessary 
to avoid the violation of an applicable Federal, state, local or foreign 
ethics law or conflicts of interest law (including where such payment is 
reasonably necessary to permit the service provider to participate in 
activities in the normal course of his or her position in which the service 
provider would otherwise not be able to participate under an applicable 
rule). A payment is reasonably necessary to avoid the violation of Federal, 
state, local or foreign ethics laws or conflicts of interest law if the 
payment is a necessary part of a course of action that results in 
compliance with a Federal, state, local or foreign ethics law or conflicts 
of interest law that would be violated absent such course of action, 
regardless of whether other actions would also result in compliance with 
the Federal, state, local or foreign ethics law or conflicts of interest 
law.
 
  	(c) 	Income Inclusion Under Code Section 409A. The time or schedule of a 
payment from a Participants Account may be accelerated to pay the income 
tax, interest and penalties imposed if the Plan fails to meet the 
requirements of Code Section 409A and related regulations; provided, 
however, such payment will not exceed the amount required to be included in 
income as a result of the failure to comply with the requirements of Code 
Section 409A and related regulations.
 
  	(d) 	Plan Termination. The time or schedule of payment or commencement 
of payments from a Participants Account may be accelerated when the Plan 
is terminated in accordance with one of the following:
 
  	(i) 	The Company terminates the Plan within 12 months of a corporate 
dissolution taxed under Code Section 331, or with the approval of a 
bankruptcy court pursuant to 11 U.S.C. §503(b)(1)(A), provided that the 
amounts deferred under the Plan are included in the Participants gross 
incomes in the latest of the following years (or, if earlier, the taxable 
year in which the amount is constructively received).
 
  	(A) 	The calendar year in which the Plan termination and liquidation 
occurs;
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(B) 	The first calendar year in which the amount is no longer subject to 
a substantial risk of forfeiture; or
 
  	(C) 	The first calendar year in which the payment is administratively 
practicable.
 
  	(ii) 	The Companys irrevocable action to terminate and liquidate the 
Plan within the 30 days preceding or the 12 months following a change in 
control as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5). For purposes of 
this subsection 4.7(e), the Plan may be terminated only if all agreements, 
methods, programs, and other arrangements sponsored by the Employer 
immediately after the time of the change in control with respect to which 
deferrals of compensation are treated as having been deferred under a 
single plan under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(c)(2) are terminated and 
liquidated with respect to each Participant that experienced the change in 
control, so that under the terms of the termination and liquidation all 
such Participants are required to receive all amounts of compensation 
deferred under the Plan and other arrangements within 12 months of the date 
the Company irrevocably takes all necessary action to terminate and 
liquidate the Plan and other arrangements.
 
  	(iii) 	The Companys termination and liquidation of the Plan, provided 
that:
 
  	(A) 	The termination and liquidation does not occur proximate to a 
downturn in the financial health of the Company;
 
  	(B) 	The Company terminates and liquidates all agreements, programs, and 
other arrangements that would be aggregated under Treasury Regulation 
§1.409A-1(c) if the Participant had deferrals of compensation under all of 
the agreements, methods, programs, and other arrangements that are 
terminated and liquidated;
 
  	(C) 	No payments in liquidation of the Plan are made within 12 months of 
the date the Company takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate 
and liquidate the plan other than payments that would be payable under the 
terms of the Plan if the action to terminate and liquidate the Plan had not 
occurred;
 
  	(D) 	All payments are made within 24 months of the date the Company 
takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate and liquidate the Plan; 
and
 
  	(E) 	The Company does not adopt a new plan or arrangement that would be 
aggregated with any terminated and liquidated plan or arrangement under 
Treasury Regulation §1.409A-1(c) if the same Participant participated in 
both plans or arrangements, at any time within three years following the 
date the Company takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate and 
liquidate the Plan.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(iv) 	Limited Cashouts. The Plan may terminated and liquidate a 
Participants interest under the Plan up to the Code Section 402(g)(1)(B) 
limit prior to the time provided in Sections 4.1 and 4.2, provided that the 
Company comply with the requirements of Treasury Regulation. 
§1.409A-3(j)(4)(v).
 
  	(v) 	Such other events and conditions as the Internal Revenue Service 
may prescribe in generally applicable guidance published in the Internal 
Revenue Bulletin.


ARTICLE V


PLAN ADMINISTRATION


Section 5.1 Appointment of the Committee. The Committee, or a duly 
authorized officer or officers of the Bank empowered by the Committee to 
act on its behalf under subsection 5.2(e), will be responsible for 
administering the Plan, and the Committee will be charged with the full 
power and the responsibility for administering the Plan in all its details.


Section 5.2 Powers and Responsibilities of the Committee.
 
  	(a) 	Committee Powers. The Committee will have all powers necessary to 
administer the Plan, including the power to construe and interpret the Plan 
documents; to decide all questions relating to an individuals eligibility 
to participate in the Plan; to determine the amount, manner and timing of 
any distribution of benefits or withdrawal under the Plan; to resolve any 
claim for benefits in accordance with Article VI, and to appoint or employ 
advisors, including legal counsel, to render advice with respect to any of 
the Committees responsibilities under the Plan. Any construction, 
interpretation, or application of the Plan by the Committee will be final, 
conclusive and binding.
 
  	(b) 	Records and Reports. The Committee will be responsible for 
maintaining sufficient records to determine each Participants eligibility 
to participate in the Plan, and for purposes of determining the amount of 
contributions that may be made on behalf of the Participant under the Plan.
 
  	(c) 	Rules and Decisions. The Committee may adopt such rules as it deems 
necessary, desirable, or appropriate in the administration of the Plan. All 
rules and decisions of the Committee will be applied uniformly and 
consistently to all Participants in similar circumstances. When making a 
determination or calculation, the Committee will be entitled to rely upon 
information furnished by a Participant or beneficiary, the Bank or the 
legal counsel of the Bank.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(d) 	Application for Benefits. The Committee may require a Participant 
or beneficiary to complete and file with it an application for a benefit, 
and to furnish all pertinent information requested by it. The Committee may 
rely upon all such information so furnished to it, including the 
Participants or beneficiarys current mailing address.
 
  	(e) 	Delegation. The Committee may authorize one or more officers of the 
Bank to perform administrative responsibilities on its behalf under the 
Plan. Any such duly authorized officer will have all powers necessary to 
carry out the administrative duties delegated to such officer by the 
Committee.


Section 5.3 Liabilities. The individual members of the Committee will, in 
accordance with the Banks by-laws, be indemnified and held harmless by the 
Bank with respect to any alleged breach of responsibilities performed or to 
be performed hereunder.


Section 5.4 Disclosure to Participant Upon Separation from Service. Within 
90 days of a Participants Separation from Service or a termination of the 
Plan, the Bank will provide the Participant a comprehensive statement 
setting forth the value of the Participants benefit and the date and 
manner in which such benefit, plus earnings or minus losses, will be paid 
out to the Participant.


Section 5.5 Plan Expenses. The expenses incurred for the administration and 
maintenance of the Plan will be paid by the Bank.


ARTICLE VI


BENEFIT CLAIMS


While a Participant or beneficiary need not file a claim to receive his 
benefit under the Plan, if he wishes to do so, a claim must be made in 
writing and filed with the Committee. If a claim is denied, the Committee 
will furnish the claimant with written notice of its decision. A claimant 
may request a review of the denial of a claim for benefits by filing a 
written request with the Committee. The Committee will afford the claimant 
a full and fair review of such request.


ARTICLE VII


FUNDING AND TRANSFERS


Section 7.1 Unfunded Status. All contributions credited to a Participants 
Account will be invested in an irrevocable rabbi trust (the Trust) to 
provide for the benefits created by the Plan. The Trust will be maintained 
in such a fashion that the Plan at all times for purposes of ERISA and the 
Code will be unfunded and will constitute a mere promise by the Bank to 
make Plan benefit payments in the future. Any and all rights created under 
this Plan will be unsecured contractual rights against the Bank.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 7.2 Investments. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.1, the Bank 
will establish an investment account for each Participant under the Trust 
(the Investment Account). The Investment Account will, consequently, at 
all times remain an asset of the Bank and will be subject to the claims of 
the Banks general creditors. A Participant may request that the Investment 
Account be allocated among available investment options established by the 
Committee or the Board from time to time under the Investment Account. The 
initial allocation request may be made at the time of enrollment. 
Investment allocation requests will remain effective until changed in 
accordance with procedures established by the Committee.


ARTICLE VIII


AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN


Section 8.1 Amendment of the Plan. The Bank may amend the Plan at any time 
in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank may not 
amend the Plan to reduce a Participants Account balance as determined on 
the day preceding the effective date of the amendment or to otherwise 
retroactively impair or adversely affect the rights of a Participant or 
beneficiary.


Section 8.2 Termination of the Plan. The Bank may terminate the Plan at any 
time in its sole discretion. Absent an amendment to the contrary, Plan 
benefits that had accrued prior to the termination will be paid at the 
times and in the manner provided for by the Plan at the time of the 
termination.


ARTICLE IX


MISCELLANEOUS


Section 9.1 Governing Law. The Plan shall be construed, regulated and 
administered according to the laws of the State of Indiana, without 
reference to that states choice of law principles, except in those areas 
preempted by the laws of the United States of America in which case the 
federal laws will control.


Section 9.2 Headings and Gender. The headings and subheadings in the Plan 
have been inserted for convenience of reference only and will not affect 
the construction of the Plan provisions. In any necessary construction, the 
masculine will include the feminine and the singular the plural, and vice 
versa.


Section 9.3 Spendthrift Clause. No benefit or interest available under the 
Plan will be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, 
transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, attachment or garnishment by 
creditors of a Participant or a Participants beneficiary, either 
voluntarily or involuntarily.


Section 9.4 Counterparts. This Plan may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each one constituting but one and the same instrument, and 
may be sufficiently evidenced by any one counterpart.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.5 No Enlargement of Employment Rights. Nothing contained in the 
Plan may be construed as a contract of employment between the Bank and any 
person, nor may the Plan be deemed to give any person the right to be 
retained as a director or limit the right of the Bank to dismiss a 
director.


Section 9.6 Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of the Plan, neither the Company nor any individual acting as an employee 
or agent of the Company will be liable to a Participant or any beneficiary 
for any claim, loss, liability or expense incurred in connection with the 
Plan, except when the same has been affirmatively determined by a court 
order or by the affirmative and binding determination of an arbitrator, to 
be due to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of that person.


Section 9.7 Incapacity of Participant or Beneficiary. If any person 
entitled to receive a distribution under the Plan is physically or mentally 
incapable of personally receiving and giving a valid receipt for any 
payment due (unless a prior claim for the distribution has been made by a 
duly qualified guardian or other legal representative), then, unless and 
until a claim for the distribution has been made by a duly appointed 
guardian or other legal representative of the person, the Committee may 
provide for the distribution to be made to any other individual or 
institution then contributing toward or providing for the care and 
maintenance of the person. Any payment made for the benefit of the person 
under this Section will be a payment for the account of such person and a 
complete discharge of any liability of the Bank under and the Plan.


Section 9.8 Evidence. Evidence required of anyone under the Plan may be by 
certificate, affidavit, document or other information which the person 
relying on the evidence considers pertinent and reliable, and signed, made 
or presented by the proper party or parties.


Section 9.9 Action by Bank. Any action required of or permitted by the Bank 
under the Plan will be by resolution of the Board, or by a person or 
persons authorized by resolution of the Board.


Section 9.10 Severability. In the event any provisions of the Plan are held 
to be illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity will 
not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan will be construed 
and endorsed as if the illegal or invalid provisions had never been 
contained in the Plan.


Section 9.11 Information to be Furnished by a Participant. A Participant, 
or any other person entitled to benefits under the Plan, must furnish the 
Committee with any and all documents, evidence, data or other information 
the Committee considers necessary or desirable for the purpose of 
administering the Plan. Benefit payments under the Plan are conditioned on 
a Participant (or other person who is entitled to benefits) furnishing 
full, true and complete data, evidence or other information to the 
Committee, and on the prompt execution of any document reasonably related 
to the administration of the Plan requested by the Committee.


Section 9.12 Attorneys Fees. If any action is commenced to enforce the 
provisions of the Plan, attorneys fees will be paid by the Bank.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.13 Binding on Successors. The Plan will be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of the Bank and its successors and assigns, and the 
successors, assigns, designees and estates of a Participant. The Plan will 
also be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor organization 
succeeding to substantially all of the assets and business of the Bank, but 
nothing in the Plan will preclude the Bank from merging or consolidating 
into or with, or transferring all or substantially all of its assets to, 
another organization which assumes the Plan and all obligations of the Bank 
hereunder. The Bank agrees that it will make appropriate provision for the 
preservation of a Participants rights under the Plan in any agreement or 
plan which it may enter into to effect any merger, consolidation, 
reorganization or transfer of assets. Upon such a merger, consolidation, 
reorganization, or transfer of assets and assumption of Plan obligations of 
the Bank, the term Bank will refer to such other organization and the 
Plan will continue in full force and effect.
 
14