 EX-10.31 4 v093683_ex10-31.txt Exhibit 31 CERTIFICATION I, Holly 
Roseberry, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 
10-KSB of Hybrid Technologies, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report 
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a 
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the 
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with 
respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the 
financial statements, and other financial information included in this 
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, 
and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The small business issuer 
's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and 
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act 
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) for the registrant and have: (a) designed 
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls 
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that 
material information relating to the small business issuer, including its 
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those 
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being 
prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or 
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under 
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's 
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our 
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and 
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on 
such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the small 
business issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred 
during the small business issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the small 
business issuer's fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has 
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the 
small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. 
The small business issuer 's other certifying officer(s) and I have 
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over 
financial reporting, to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit 
committee of the small business issuer's board of directors (or persons 
performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and 
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over 
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the 
small business issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report 
financial information; and 42 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that 
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the 
small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; November 
13, 2006 By: /s/ Holly Roseberry -------------------- Holly Roseberry, 
President and C.E.O. (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 43