 EX-10.17 5 a07-26098_1ex10d17.htm EX-10.17
Exhibit 10.17
 
SHARED SERVICES AGREEMENT
 
THIS SHARED SERVICES AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into as of 
August 31, 2007 by and between Barrington Traverse City LLC (Service 
Provider), a Delaware limited liability company and Tucker Broadcasting of 
Traverse City, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Station Licensee).
 
W I T N E S S E T H:
 
WHEREAS, Service Provider is a party to that certain Asset Purchase 
Agreement, by and among Max Media LLC and MTC License LLC (collectively, 
Sellers) and Service Provider, dated as of the date hereof (the Station 
Purchase Agreement) pursuant to which Service Provider has agreed to 
purchase certain assets of the Sellers related to the television broadcast 
stations WGTU, channel 29, Traverse City, Michigan (WGTU) and WGTQ, 
channel 8, Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan (WGTQ and together with WGTU, the 
Stations) each serving the Traverse City/Cadillac, Michigan Designated 
Market Area (the Market);
 
WHEREAS, Service Provider and Station Licensee are parties to that certain 
Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the 
Assignment and Assumption Agreement), pursuant to which Service Provider 
has assigned certain of its rights under the Station Purchase Agreement to 
Station Licensee, including the right to purchase the FCC licenses (the 
FCC Licenses) for, and the assets of, the Stations;
 
WHEREAS, the parties hereto are also parties to that certain Joint Sales 
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the JSA), pursuant to which 
Service Provider (acting as Sales Agent, as defined therein) agrees to sell 
advertising and commercial time on the Stations and provide certain local 
news and other programming;
 
WHEREAS, to support and promote the economic viability and development of 
the Stations, Station Licensee desires to retain Service Provider to 
provide certain services with respect to the operation of the Stations in 
conformity with the FCC Rules (as defined herein); and
 
WHEREAS, it is the parties expectation that Service Provider, with its 
experience and operating infrastructure, will improve the overall 
efficiency of the Stations operating processes and reduce costs, thereby 
helping the Stations to serve the television viewing public in the Market.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above recitals and of the mutual 
agreements and covenants contained herein, the receipt and sufficiency of 
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be bound legally, 
agree as follows:
 
1.                                       Defined Terms.
 
(a)                                  For purposes of this Agreement:
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, (a) any other Person that, 
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is 
controlled by, or is under common control with such Person, or (b) an 
officer or director of such Person or of an Affiliate of such Person within 
the meaning of clause (a) of this definition. For purposes of clause (a) of 
this definition, without limitation, (i) a Person shall be deemed to 
control another Person if such Person (A) has sufficient power to enable 
such Person to elect a majority of the board of directors (or comparable 
governing body) of such Person, or (B) owns a majority of the beneficial 
interests in income and capital of such Person, and (ii) a Person shall be 
deemed to control any partnership of which such Person is a general 
partner.
 
Applicable Law means any of the Communications Act, the FCC Rules, and 
all other federal, state and local constitutions, laws, statutes, codes, 
rules, regulations, ordinances, judgments, orders, decrees and the like of 
any governmental entity, including common law.
 
Base Date means the date on which the closing of the Station Purchase 
Agreement shall have occurred.
 
 FCC means the Federal Communications Commission or any successor agency 
thereto.
 
FCC Rules means the rules and published policies of the FCC as in effect 
from time to time.
 
Option Agreement means that certain Option Agreement, dated as of the 
date hereof, by and between Station Licensee and Service Provider, as such 
agreement may be amended from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof.
 
Person includes, without limitation, natural persons, corporations, 
business trusts, associations, companies, joint ventures, and partnerships.
 
Third Party Claim means any action, suit, claim or legal, administrative, 
arbitration, mediation, governmental or other proceeding, or investigation, 
other than any brought by a party to this Agreement or an Affiliate of a 
party to this Agreement.
 
Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the JSA, the Option 
Agreement, the Letter Agreement, the Station Purchase Agreement, the 
Assignment and Assumption Agreement and the other documents, agreements and 
instruments executed by the parties hereto and thereto in connection 
therewith.
 
(b)                                 In addition to the defined terms in the 
preamble, recitals and Section 1(a) hereof, the following is a list of 
terms used in this Agreement and a reference to the section or schedule 
hereof in which such term is defined:
 

Term
 
Section
 
 
 
Base SSA Amount
 
Schedule A
Communications Act
 
Section 2
Defense Counsel
 
Section 10(c)
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Term
 
Section
 
 
 
Defense Notice
 
Section 10(c)
Direct Claim
 
Section 10(c)(v)
Indemnified Party
 
Section 10(c)
Indemnifying Party
 
Section 10(c)
Initial Term
 
Section 5(a)
Letter Agreement
 
Section 15
Loss
 
Section 10(a)
Performance Bonus
 
Schedule A
Premises
 
Section 4(c)
Principal Agreements
 
Schedule A
Services Fee
 
Section 4(d)
Service Provider Indemnified Party
 
Section 10(b)
Station Indemnified Party
 
Section 10(a)
Term
 
Section 5(b)
 
2.                                       General Principles Governing 
Sharing Arrangements. All sharing arrangements contemplated by this 
Agreement will be subject to, and are intended to comply in all respects 
with, the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the Communications Act
), the FCC Rules and all other Applicable Law. The arrangements made 
pursuant to this Agreement will not be deemed to constitute joint sales, 
program services, time brokerage, local marketing, or similar 
arrangements, or a partnership, joint venture, or agency relationship 
between the parties, and no such arrangement will be deemed to give Service 
Provider any right to control the policies, operations, management or any 
other matter relating to the Stations.
 
3.                                       Certain Services Not to be Shared
. Station Licensee will maintain for the Stations separate managerial and 
other personnel to carry out the selection and procurement of programming 
for the Stations.
 
4.                                       Shared Services. Subject to 
Station Licensees ultimate supervision and control, Service Provider 
agrees to provide to Station Licensee the following services to support the 
operation of the Stations; provided, that such supervision and control 
shall not be deemed to permit Station Licensee to expand in any material 
respect the obligations of Service Provider or to require Service Provider 
to incur any material additional obligation or liability hereunder:
 
(a)                                  Technical Services.
 
(i)                                     Commencing on the Base Date, 
Service Provider shall perform monitoring and maintenance of the Stations 
technical equipment and facilities and, upon the request of Station 
Licensee, shall assist Station Licensee with the installation, repair, 
maintenance and replacement of the Stations equipment and facilities and 
otherwise assist in the performance of Station Licensees obligations under 
Section 5.1 of the JSA; provided, however, subject to the obligations of 
Service Provider pursuant to Section 3.2 of the JSA, Station Licensee shall 
be responsible for all capital and equipment replacement expenditures.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(ii)                                  Commencing on the Base Date, Service 
Provider shall make available to Station Licensee, on an independent 
contractor basis, a staff engineer employed by Service Provider to assist 
the chief operator for the Stations in fulfilling his duties as specified 
by the FCC Rules.
 
(b)                                 Promotional and Other Services. Service 
Provider shall be responsible for the promotion of the Stations; provided, 
however, that Station Licensee shall have the right to supplement the 
promotional efforts undertaken by Service Provider, but shall coordinate 
such efforts with Service Provider to maintain image consistency with 
Service Providers promotional efforts. Service Provider shall also assist 
Station Licensee with the negotiation, maintenance and enforcement of 
retransmission consent agreements with cable, satellite and other 
multi-channel video providers.
 
(c)                                  Provision of Office Space. Station 
Licensee shall provide to employees and agents of Service Provider and its 
Affiliates the right to access and use space designated for Service 
Providers use in the Stations studio buildings (the Premises) as 
reasonably necessary for Service Providers performance of its obligations 
under this Agreement, provided that the provision of such space shall not 
unreasonably interfere with the conduct of the business or operations of 
the Stations. When on the Premises, Service Providers personnel shall be 
subject to the reasonable direction and control of the management personnel 
of Station Licensee. Station Licensee shall make available to Service 
Provider for use without fee or charge, pursuant to the terms and subject 
to the conditions of this Agreement and the JSA, all facilities and 
equipment of the Stations.
 
(d)                                 Services Fee. In consideration for the 
services to be provided to Station Licensee by Service Provider pursuant to 
this Agreement, Station Licensee shall pay to Service Provider with respect 
to each calendar month during the term of this Agreement an amount equal to 
the sum of the Base SSA Amount and the Performance Bonus, if any, as 
described in and calculated in accordance with Schedule A hereto. The Base 
SSA Amount and the Performance Bonus, if any, are herein collectively 
sometimes referred to as the Services Fee and shall be paid in the 
circumstances and subject to the further terms and conditions described in 
Schedule A hereto. The Services Fee will be payable monthly, in arrears, as 
set forth in Schedule A hereto and will be prorated on a daily basis for 
the first and last months during which this Agreement is in effect. The 
payment of the Services Fee hereunder shall be due and payable upon, and 
subject to, the payment of the JSA Fee in respect of such calendar month 
under the JSA.
 
(e)                                  Service Provider Costs. Service 
Provider shall be solely responsible for the salaries, taxes and related 
costs for all personnel employed by Service Provider who are used by 
Service Provider in the performance of Service Providers obligations 
hereunder, including, without limitation, any publicity or promotional 
expenses incurred in performing its obligations hereunder.
 
5.                                       Term of Agreement.
 
(a)                                  Initial Term. This Agreement shall be 
deemed effective, and the initial term hereof shall commence, on and as of 
the Base Date and such initial term (the Initial
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Term) shall continue until the eighth (8th) anniversary of the Base Date, 
unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 9 below.
 
(b)                                 Renewal Term. This Agreement shall be 
renewed automatically without any further action by the parties hereto if 
the JSA is renewed in accordance with its terms and shall remain in full 
force in effect until the JSA is terminated in accordance with its terms 
(the Initial Term and any such renewal term hereinafter referred to as the 
Term).
 
6.                                       Representations and Warranties of 
Station Licensee. Station Licensee represents and warrants to Service 
Provider as follows:
 
(a)                                  Authorization and Binding Obligation. 
The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by Station 
Licensee have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational action 
on the part of such party. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by Station Licensee and constitutes the legal, valid, and binding 
obligation of such party, enforceable against it in accordance with its 
terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, 
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium, insolvency, 
reorganization, or other similar laws of general application affecting the 
enforcement of creditors rights or by general principles of equity 
limiting the availability of equitable remedies.
 
(b)                                 Absence of Conflicting Agreements or 
Consents. The execution, delivery, and performance by Station Licensee of 
this Agreement and the documents contemplated hereby (with or without the 
giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both): (i) will not conflict with 
the organizational documents of Station Licensee; (ii) to the actual 
knowledge of Station Licensee or its respective Affiliates, does not 
conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute a default under any 
law, judgment, order, ordinance, injunction, decree, rule, regulation, or 
ruling of any court or governmental instrumentality applicable to Station 
Licensee; (iii) does not conflict with, constitute grounds for termination 
of, result in a breach of, constitute a default under, or accelerate or 
permit the acceleration of any performance required by the terms of any 
agreement, instrument, license, or permit to which Station Licensee is a 
party or by which it is bound as of the date of this Agreement; and (iv) 
will not create any claim, lien, charge, or encumbrance upon any of the 
assets of the Stations owned by Station Licensee other than as set forth on 
Schedule 6(b).
 
7.                                       Representations and Warranties of 
Service Provider. Service Provider represents and warrants to Station 
Licensee as follows:
 
(a)                                  Authorization and Binding Obligation. 
The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by Service 
Provider have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational action 
on the part of such party. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by Service Provider and constitutes the legal, valid, and binding 
obligation of such party, enforceable against it in accordance with its 
terms except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, 
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium, insolvency, 
reorganization or other similar laws of general application affecting the 
enforcement of creditors rights or by general principles of equity 
limiting the availability of equitable remedies.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)                                 Absence of Conflicting Agreements and 
Required Consents. The execution, delivery, and performance by Service 
Provider of this Agreement and the documents contemplated hereby (with or 
without the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both):  (i) will not 
conflict with the organizing documents of Service Provider; (ii) to the 
actual knowledge of Service Provider or its Affiliates, does not conflict 
with, result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any law, 
judgment, order, ordinance, injunction, decree, rule, regulation, or ruling 
of any court or governmental instrumentality applicable to Service 
Provider; and (iii) does not conflict with, constitute grounds for 
termination of, result in a breach of, constitute a default under, or 
accelerate or permit the acceleration of any performance required by the 
terms of, any agreement, instrument, license or permit to which Service 
Provider is a party or by which it is bound as of the date hereof.
 
8.                                       Insurance. Station Licensee shall 
maintain in effect policies of insurance insuring the assets and the 
business of the Stations pursuant to the terms, and subject to the 
conditions, of the JSA.
 
9.                                       Termination.
 
(a)                                  Mutual Agreement. This Agreement may 
be terminated at any time by mutual agreement of the parties. This 
Agreement shall terminate upon the Option Closing (as such term is defined 
in the Option Agreement) under the Option Agreement
 
(b)                                 Automatic Termination. This Agreement 
shall terminate automatically without any further action by the parties 
upon the termination of the JSA in accordance with its terms.
 
(c)                                  Certain Matters Upon Termination. No 
expiration or termination of this Agreement shall terminate the obligations 
of any party hereto to indemnify any other party for Third Party Claims 
under Section 10 of this Agreement, or limit or impair any partys rights 
to receive payments due and owing hereunder on or before the effective date 
of such termination or expiration.
 
10.                                 Indemnification.
 
(a)                                  By Service Provider. Service Provider 
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Station Licensee and its 
employees, directors, members, managers, officers, or agents, or any of 
their Affiliates, successors or assignees (exclusive of Service Provider 
and its Affiliates and agents) (each, a Station Indemnified Party), from 
and against, and reimburse and pay to such Station Indemnified Party as 
incurred, any loss, liability, damage or expense (including reasonable 
legal expenses and costs and any cost or expense arising from or incurred 
in connection with any action, suit, proceeding, claim or judgment) 
relating to any matter described in this Section 10(a), or in enforcing the 
indemnity provided by this Section 10(a) (any such amount, a Loss), which 
any such Station Indemnified Party may suffer, sustain or become subject 
to, in any way arising from, relating to, or as a result of:
 
(i)                                     any act or omission, event or 
occurrence that was or shall be caused by Service Provider, its agents or 
Affiliates (including any predecessor in interest thereto)
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
relating to the business and operations of Service Provider or the 
performance of its obligations hereunder; or
 
(ii)                                  any omission or breach by Service 
Provider (including any predecessor in interest to Service Provider) of any 
of its obligations hereunder.
 
The obligations of Service Provider under this Section 10(a) shall survive 
any termination or expiration of this Agreement. The obligations of Service 
Provider under this Section 10(a) shall be direct and not conditioned or 
conditional upon Station Licensees pursuit of remedies against any other 
party, including the Sellers pursuant to the Station Purchase Agreement, 
and irrespective of any rights under the Station Purchase Agreement, 
Station Licensee shall have the right to elect to proceed against Service 
Provider in the first instance without any requirement to first proceed 
against the Sellers or such other third party.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event 
shall Service Provider be liable under this Section 10(a) for punitive, 
treble, exemplary, consequential, special or other damages that are not 
actual damages in accordance with Applicable Law.
 
(b)                                 By Station Licensee. Except with 
respect to or to the extent of any Loss subject to indemnification pursuant 
to the terms and subject to the conditions of Section 10(a), Station 
Licensee shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Service Provider and any 
employee, director, member, manager, officer, stockholder or agent of 
Service Provider, or any of its Affiliates, successors or assignees (each, 
a Service Provider Indemnified Party) from and against, and reimburse and 
pay to such Service Provider Indemnified Party, as incurred, any Loss, 
which any such Service Provider Indemnified Party may suffer, sustain or 
become subject to, in any way arising from, relating to, or as a result of 
the actions or omissions of any of the respective employees, agents and 
representatives of Station Licensee in performing their duties under this 
Agreement or in acting outside the scope of their employment, which actions 
or omission constitute willful misconduct or gross negligence.
 
The indemnification obligations of Station Licensee hereunder and under the 
JSA, in the aggregate, shall in no event exceed a maximum aggregate 
liability equal to the aggregate amount of the difference between (i) all 
JSA Fees (as defined in the JSA) paid to Station Licensee under the JSA, 
minus (ii)  all Services Fees paid to Service Provider under this 
Agreement. The payment of any indemnification obligation by Station 
Licensee under this Agreement and the JSA shall in no event be due until 
and solely in the event of an Option Closing (as defined in the Option 
Agreement) under the Option Agreement and in connection with such Option 
Closing the amount of indemnification shall be applied as a credit against 
the payment obligations of the Option Holder (as defined in the Option 
Agreement) thereunder.
 
(c)                                  Procedure.
 
(i)                                     If any Person entitled to 
indemnification under this Agreement (an Indemnified Party) asserts a 
claim for indemnification for or receives notice of the assertion or 
commencement of any Third Party Claim as to which such Indemnified Party 
intends to seek indemnification under this Agreement, such Indemnified 
Party shall give reasonably prompt written notice of such claim to the 
party from whom indemnification is to be sought (an
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Indemnifying Party), together with a statement of any available 
information regarding such claim. The Indemnifying Party shall have the 
right, upon written notice to the Indemnified Party (the Defense Notice) 
within 15 days after receipt from the Indemnified Party of notice of such 
claim, to conduct at its expense the defense against such Third Party Claim 
in its own name, or if necessary in the name of the Indemnified Party 
(which notice shall specify the counsel the Indemnifying Party will appoint 
to defend such claim (Defense Counsel); provided, however, that the 
Indemnified Party shall have the right to approve the Defense Counsel, 
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The parties 
hereto agree to cooperate fully with each other in connection with the 
defense, negotiation or settlement of any Third Party Claim. If the 
Indemnifying Party delivers a Defense Notice to the Indemnified Party, the 
Indemnified Party will cooperate with and make available to the 
Indemnifying Party such assistance and materials as may be reasonably 
requested by the Indemnifying Party, all at the expense of the Indemnifying 
Party.
 
(ii)                                  If the Indemnifying Party shall fail 
to give a Defense Notice, it shall be deemed to have elected not to conduct 
the defense of the subject Third Party Claim, and in such event the 
Indemnified Party shall have the right to conduct such defense in good 
faith. If the Indemnified Party defends any Third Party Claim, then the 
Indemnifying Party shall reimburse the Indemnified Party for the costs and 
expenses of defending such Third Party Claim upon submission of periodic 
bills. If the Indemnifying Party elects to conduct the defense of the 
subject Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party may participate, at its 
own expense, in the defense of such Third Party Claim; provided, however, 
that such Indemnified Party shall be entitled to participate in any such 
defense with separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party if (
i) so requested by the Indemnifying Party or (ii) in the reasonable opinion 
of counsel to the Indemnified Party, a conflict or potential conflict 
exists between the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party that would 
make such separate representation advisable; and provided, further, that 
the Indemnifying Party shall not be required to pay for more than one 
counsel for all Indemnified Parties in connection with any Third Party 
Claim.
 
(iii)                               Regardless of which party defends a 
Third Party Claim, the other party shall have the right at its expense to 
participate in the defense of such Third Party Claim, assisted by counsel 
of its own choosing. The Indemnified Party shall not compromise, settle, 
default on, or admit liability with respect to a Third Party Claim without 
the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party, which consent shall 
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and, if the Indemnified Party 
settles, compromises, defaults on, or admits liability with respect to a 
Third Party Claim except in compliance with the foregoing, the Indemnified 
Party will be liable for all Losses paid or incurred in connection 
therewith and the Indemnifying Party shall have no obligation to indemnify 
the Indemnified Party with respect thereto. The Indemnifying Party shall 
not compromise or settle a Third Party Claim without the consent of the 
Indemnified Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed, unless such compromise or settlement includes as a term thereof an 
unconditional release of the Indemnified Party and such compromise or 
release does not impose any non-monetary obligations on the Indemnified 
Party other than immaterial administrative obligations (and all monetary 
obligations are subject to the indemnification provisions of this 
Agreement), in which case the consent of the Indemnified Party shall not be 
required.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(iv)                              After any final decision, judgment or 
award shall have been rendered by a court or governmental entity of 
competent jurisdiction and the expiration of the time in which to appeal 
therefrom, or after a settlement shall have been consummated, or after the 
Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party shall have arrived at a 
mutually binding agreement with respect to a Third Party Claim hereunder, 
the Indemnified Party shall deliver to the Indemnifying Party notice of any 
sums due and owing by the Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Agreement 
with respect to such matter and the Indemnifying Party shall be required to 
pay all of the sums so due and owing to the Indemnified Party by wire 
transfer of immediately available funds within ten (10) business days after 
the date of such notice.
 
(v)                                 It is the intent of the parties that 
all direct claims by an Indemnified Party against a party not arising out 
of Third Party Claims shall be subject to and benefit from the terms of 
this Section 10(c). Any claim under this Section 10(c) by an Indemnified 
Party for indemnification other than indemnification against a Third Party 
Claim (a Direct Claim) will be asserted by giving the Indemnifying Party 
reasonably prompt written notice thereof, and the Indemnifying Party will 
have a period of twenty (20) days within which to satisfy such Direct 
Claim. If the Indemnifying Party does not so respond within such 20-day 
period, the Indemnifying Party will be deemed to have rejected such claim, 
in which event the Indemnified Party will be free to pursue such remedies 
as may be available to the Indemnified Party under this Section 10(c).
 
(vi)                              A failure by an Indemnified Party to give 
timely, complete, or accurate notice as provided in this Section 10(c) 
shall not affect the rights or obligations of either party hereunder except 
to the extent that, as a result of such failure, any party entitled to 
receive such notice was deprived of its right to recover any payment under 
its applicable insurance coverage or was otherwise materially adversely 
affected or damaged as a result of such failure to give timely, complete, 
and accurate notice.
 
(vii)                           The parties shall use their commercially 
reasonable efforts to collect the proceeds of any insurance that would have 
the effect of reducing any Losses (in which case such proceeds shall reduce 
such Losses). To the extent any Losses of an Indemnified Party are reduced 
by receipt of payment under insurance policies or from third parties not 
affiliated with the Indemnified Party, such payments (net of the expenses 
of the recovery thereof) shall be credited against such Losses and, if 
indemnification payments shall have been received prior to the collection 
of such proceeds, the Indemnified Party shall remit to the Indemnifying 
Party the amount of such proceeds (net of the cost of collection thereof) 
to the extent of indemnification payments received in respect of such 
Losses. The indemnification obligations hereunder shall survive any 
termination of this Agreement.
 
(d)                                 Exclusivity. After the Base Date, the 
indemnification provided by this Section 10 shall be the sole and exclusive 
remedy of Station Licensee and Service Provider against the other party for 
any claim arising out of a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant 
or agreement herein or otherwise in connection with this Agreement; 
provided, that this Section 10(c) shall not prohibit (i) injunctive relief 
(including specific performance) pursuant to Section 17 if available under 
Applicable Law or (ii) any other remedy available at law or in equity for 
any fraud committed in connection with this Agreement.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
11.                                 Force Majeure. Any delay or 
interruption in the broadcast operation of the Stations, in whole or in 
part, due to acts of God, strikes, lockouts, material or labor 
restrictions, governmental action, riots, natural disasters or any other 
cause not reasonably within the control of a party shall not constitute a 
breach of this Agreement, and no party shall be liable to any other party 
for any liability or obligation with respect thereto.
 
12.                                 Unenforceability. If one or more 
provisions of this Agreement or the application thereof to any Person or 
circumstances shall be invalid or unenforceable to any extent, the 
remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provisions to other 
Persons or circumstances shall not be affected thereby and shall be 
enforced to the greatest extent permitted by law, except that, if such 
invalidity or unenforceability should change the basic economic positions 
of the parties, they shall negotiate in good faith such changes in other 
terms as shall be practicable in order to restore them to their prior 
positions. In the event that the FCC alters or modifies its rules or 
policies in a fashion which would raise substantial and material questions 
as to the validity of any provision of this Agreement, the parties shall 
negotiate in good faith to revise any such provision of this Agreement in 
an effort to comply with all applicable FCC Rules while attempting to 
preserve the intent of the parties as embodied in the provisions of this 
Agreement. The parties agree that, upon the request of either of them, they 
will join in requesting the view of the staff of the FCC, to the extent 
necessary, with respect to the revision of any provision of this Agreement 
in accordance with the foregoing.
 
13.                                 Notices. All notices, demands, and 
requests required or permitted to be given under the provisions of this 
Agreement shall be (a) in writing, (b) delivered by personal delivery, or 
sent by commercial delivery service or registered or certified mail, return 
receipt requested, (c) deemed to have been given on the date of personal 
delivery or the date set forth in the records of the delivery service or on 
the return receipt, and (d) addressed as set forth on Schedule B hereto.
 
14.                                 Assignment; Binding Agreement. Neither 
party may assign this Agreement or delegate its obligations under this 
Agreement without the prior written consent of the other. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained herein, each party shall assign its 
rights and obligations under this Agreement to any Person to whom it 
assigns its respective rights and obligations under the JSA. Upon any 
assignment of this Agreement, Station Licensee shall pay, or shall cause to 
be paid, all amounts accrued and owing to Service Provider as of the 
consummation date of such assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and 
permitted assigns. Any permitted assignee of any party hereto shall be a 
party to this Agreement for all purposes hereof.
 
15.                                 Entire Agreement; Amendment; Waiver. 
This Agreement and any attachments and Schedules hereto (which are hereby 
incorporated by reference and made a part hereof), the JSA, the Option 
Agreement, and the letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, from 
Service Provider to Station Licensee (the Letter Agreement), and the 
Assignment and Assumption Agreement collectively represent the entire 
understanding and agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements with 
respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. Notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary contained herein or in any of the other Transaction 
Documents, the parties acknowledge and agree that Service Provider may 
offset any amount owed by Station Licensee to Service Provider
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
pursuant to this Agreement as a credit against any amount owed by Service 
Provider to Station Licensee pursuant to any other Transaction Document. No 
term or provision hereof may be changed, modified, amended, terminated or 
discharged (other than in accordance with its terms), in whole or in part, 
except by a writing which is dated and signed by the parties hereto. No 
waiver of any of the provisions or conditions of this Agreement or of any 
of the rights, powers or privileges of a party shall be effective or 
binding unless in writing and signed by the party claimed to have given or 
consented to such waiver.
 
16.                                 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be 
construed and governed in accordance with the laws of New York without 
reference to the conflict of laws principles thereof that would cause the 
application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New 
York.
 
17.                                 Specific Performance. The parties 
hereby agree that the services to be provided hereunder are unique and that 
substitutes therefor cannot be purchased or acquired in the open market. 
For that reason, either party would be irreparably damaged in the event of 
a material breach of this Agreement by the other party. Accordingly, to the 
extent permitted by the Communications Act and the FCC Rules then in 
effect, either party may request that a decree of specific performance be 
issued by a court of competent jurisdiction, enjoining the other party to 
observe and to perform such other partys covenants, conditions, agreements 
and obligations hereunder, and each party hereby agrees neither to oppose 
nor to resist the issuance of such a decree on the grounds that there may 
exist an adequate remedy at law for any material breach of this Agreement.
 
18.                                 Confidentiality. Each party hereto 
agrees that it will not at any time during or after the termination of this 
Agreement disclose to others or use, except as duly authorized in 
connection with the conduct of the business or the rendering of services 
hereunder, any secret or confidential information of the other parties 
hereto. To the extent required by the Communications Act or the FCC Rules, 
each party shall place a copy of this Agreement in its public inspection 
file and shall consult with and agree upon the confidential and proprietary 
information herein that shall be redacted from such copy.
 
19.                                 Press Release. No party shall publish 
any press release, make any other public announcement or otherwise 
communicate with any news media concerning this Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated hereby without the prior written consent of the 
other parties; provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall 
prevent any party from promptly making all filings with governmental 
authorities as may, in its judgment, be required or advisable in connection 
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of 
the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
20.                                 Further Assurances. The parties hereto 
shall take any actions and execute any other documents that may be 
necessary or desirable to the implementation and consummation of this 
Agreement.
 
21.                                 Counterparts and Facsimile Signatures. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which 
will be deemed an original but all of which taken together will constitute 
one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall be legally binding and 
effective upon delivery of facsimile signatures.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
22.                                 Captions. The captions used in this 
Agreement are for convenience of reference only, do not constitute a part 
of this Agreement and will not be deemed to limit, characterize or in any 
way affect any provision of this Agreement, and all provisions of this 
Agreement will be enforced and construed as if no caption had been used in 
this Agreement.
 
23.                                 Other Definitional Provisions. The 
terms hereof, herein and hereunder and terms of similar import will 
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of 
this Agreement. Section references contained in this Agreement are 
references to Sections in this Agreement, unless otherwise specified. Each 
defined term used in this Agreement has a comparable meaning when used in 
its plural or singular form. Each gender-specific term used in this 
Agreement has a comparable meaning whether used in a masculine, feminine or 
gender-neutral form. Whenever the term including is used in this 
Agreement (whether or not that term is followed by the phrase but not 
limited to or without limitation or words of similar effect) in 
connection with a listing of items within a particular classification, that 
listing will be interpreted to be illustrative only and will not be 
interpreted as a limitation on, or an exclusive listing of, the items 
within that classification.
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Shared Services Agreement 
as of the date first written above.
 
 
 
STATION LICENSEE:
 
 
 
Tucker Broadcasting of Traverse City, Inc.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
/s/ Benjamin W. Tucker
 
 
 
Name: Benjamin W. Tucker
 
 
 
Title: President
 
 
 
 
 
SERVICE PROVIDER:
 
 
 
Barrington Traverse City LLC
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
/s/ Paul M. McNicol
 
 
 
Name: Paul M. McNicol
 
 
 
Title: Senior Vice President/Secretary
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE A
 
SERVICES FEES
 
For each calendar month during the Term, Station Licensee shall pay, or 
shall cause to be paid, to Service Provider the Services Fee, consisting of 
sum of the Base SSA Amount and a performance bonus (the Performance Bonus
), if any. The Performance Bonus, if any, shall be determined as set forth 
in this Schedule A.
 
1.1                                 Definitions. The Base SSA Amount 
shall be an amount equal to One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000).
 
1.2                                 Determination of Performance Bonus. To 
the degree that Station Licensee determines in good faith that the 
performance of Service Provider has contributed to an increase in the 
performance of the Stations, Service Provider shall be eligible to receive 
a Performance Bonus with respect to the applicable month, which, if any, 
shall be in an amount determined by Station Licensee to reflect the value 
of the services provided by Service Provider relative to the performance of 
the Stations for such month, which determination shall be in the sole 
discretion of Station Licensee.
 
1.3                                 Administration and Payment of Services 
Fee. No later than the fifteenth (15th) day of each calendar month during 
the Term, Service Provider shall deliver to Station Licensee a statement 
setting forth the total aggregate amount of Net Sales Revenue (as such term 
is defined in the JSA) for the preceding calendar month, which statement 
shall set forth the Performance Bonus due in respect of such month, if any, 
as determined by Station Licensee in its sole discretion in accordance with 
Section 1.2 above of this Schedule A. Except as the parties may otherwise 
agree, the Services Fee shall be due and payable within five business days 
of receipt by Station Licensee of such statement and shall be subject to 
prior payment of the JSA Fee for such month. In order to promote the 
administration of the payment obligations between the parties under this 
Agreement and the JSA (individually and collectively, the Principal 
Agreements), the parties agree that (i) the amounts due and payable by one 
party under any of the Principal Agreements may be offset against any 
outstanding payment obligation by the other party under any of the 
Principal Agreements; and (ii) to the extent reasonably practicable, 
Service Provider shall deliver to Station Licensee in connection with the 
payment of the Services Fee a single statement reflecting the respective 
payment obligations of the parties under each of the Principal Agreements, 
which statement shall reflect any offsetting amounts.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE B
 
                If to Station Licensee:
                 
    Tucker Broadcasting of Traverse City, Inc.
    Attention:  Ben Tucker, President
    9434 N. Sunset Ridge
    Fountain Hills, AZ 85268
    Phone:  (480)836-2181
    Email:  bentucker13@cox.net
     
    With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
     
    Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
    2300 N Street, NW
    Washington, DC 20037-1122
    Attention:  Clifford M. Harrington
    Phone:  202-663-8525
    Fax:  202-663-8007
     
            If to Service Provider:
             
    Barrington Traverse City LLC
745 Fifth Avenue
24th Floor
New York, NY  10151
    Attention:  Paul McNicol
    Fax:  (212) 486-2896
     
    with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
     
    Barrington Broadcasting LLC
    2500 West Higgins Road, Suite 880
    Hoffman Estates, IL 60195
    Attention:  K. James Yager
    Fax:  847-755-3045
     
   and
    
Covington & Burling
1201 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, DC 20004-2401
Attention:  Eric Dodson Greenberg, Esq.
Phone: (202) 662-5193
Fax: (202) 662-6291
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------