 EX-10.1 2 y42554exv10w1.htm EX-10.1: WAIVER AND SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT 
AGREEMENT


 

EXECUTION VERSION

Exhibit 10.1


WAIVER AND SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

          WAIVER AND SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of 
November 6, 2007 (this Amendment), among ATARI, INC., a Delaware 
corporation, as borrower (the Borrower), the lenders party to the Credit 
Agreement referred to below (the Lenders), and BLUEBAY HIGH YIELD 
INVESTMENTS (LUXEMBOURG) S.A.R.L., as successor administrative agent (in 
such capacity, the Administrative Agent). Capitalized terms used and not 
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Credit 
Agreement referred to below.


W I T N E S S E T H:

          WHEREAS, the parties hereto are parties to that certain Credit 
Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2006 (as amended, supplemented or 
otherwise modified to, but not including, the date hereof, the Credit 
Agreement);

          WHEREAS, the Defaults and Events of Default specified on Schedule 
1 hereto have occurred prior to and are continuing as of the date hereof 
(collectively, the Existing Defaults); and

          WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Lenders waive the 
Existing Defaults and amend the Credit Agreement, and the Lenders have 
agreed to such waiver and amendments on the terms and conditions set forth 
herein.

          NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed:

I. Waiver. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment, and in 
reliance on the representations, warranties and covenants of the Borrower 
contained herein, from and after the Second Amendment Effective Date (as 
defined below), the Lenders waive all Existing Defaults. Nothing herein 
shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of compliance by the Borrower with 
its representations, warranties, covenants or obligations under, or 
compliance with any other term, provision or condition of, the Credit 
Agreement (as amended hereby) or any other Loan Document from and after the 
Second Amendment Effective Date.

II. Amendments to the Credit Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions 
of this Amendment, and in reliance on the representations, warranties and 
covenants of the Borrower contained herein, from and after the Second 
Amendment Effective Date, the Credit Agreement is amended as follows:

          1. Section 1.01 is amended as follows:

          (a) The definition of Loan Documents is amended by amending and 
restating it as follows:

     Loan Documents means this Agreement, any promissory notes executed 
and delivered pursuant to Section 2.09(e), the Collateral Documents, the 
Credit Parties Guaranty, the Intercreditor Agreement and any and all other

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

instruments and documents executed and delivered in connection with any of 
the foregoing.; and

          (b) the following new defined terms are inserted in the 
appropriate alphabetical order:

     IESA shall mean Infogrames Entertainment, S.A., a French 
corporation.

     Intercreditor Agreement shall mean, from and after the execution and 
delivery thereof, an intercreditor agreement (if any) among the 
Administrative Agent, IESA and the Borrower.

     Second Amendment Effective Date means the date the conditions set 
forth in Part V of the Waiver and Second Amendment to Credit Agreement are 
satisfied or waived by the Lenders.

     TDU License Agreements shall mean the TDU Trademark License 
Agreement and the TDU Other IP License Agreement, collectively.

     TDU Other IP License Agreement shall mean that certain General 
Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights (Other Than Trademark Rights) 
License of the Test Drive Franchise, dated as of November 8, 2007 between 
the Borrower, as licensor, and IESA, as licensee, in respect of the video 
game called Test Drive Unlimited and the intellectual property and 
proprietary rights associated therewith, as amended, amended and restated, 
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time with the prior consent 
of the Administrative Agent.

     TDU Trademark License Agreement means that certain Trademark License 
of the Test Drive Franchise, dated as of November 8, 2007 between the 
Borrower, as licensor, and IESA, as licensee, in respect of the video game 
called Test Drive Unlimited and the trademarks associated therewith, as 
amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time 
to time with the prior consent of the Administrative Agent.

     Waiver and Second Amendment to Credit Agreement means the Waiver and 
Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2007, among 
the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto..

          2. Section 6.01 is amended by amending and restating paragraph 
(e) as follows:

     (e) Indebtedness of the Borrower arising under TDU License 
Agreements;.

          3. Section 6.02 is amended by amending and restating paragraph 
(c) as follows:

-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (c) Liens created to secure obligations arising under the TDU License 
Agreements; provided that such Liens shall at all times be junior in 
priority and right to the Liens under the Collateral Documents and shall be 
subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement; and

          4. Section 6.07 is amended by amending and restating paragraph 
(e) as follows:

     (e) transactions pursuant to the TDU License Agreements..

          5. Section 6.08(b)(iv) is amended by amending and restating it as 
follows:

     (iv) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or 
conditions imposed under the TDU License Agreements or by any other 
agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if 
such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets 
securing such Indebtedness, and

          6. Article VII is amended by (i) deleting from paragraph (m) 
November 5, 2007 and substituting therefor November 12, 2007; and (ii) 
inserting in paragraph (n) immediately before the semicolon at the end 
thereof the following:

     , or the Intercreditor Agreement or any provision thereof shall cease 
to be in full force or effect (except in accordance with its terms), any of 
the parties thereto (other than the Administrative Agent) shall deny or 
disaffirm their respective obligations thereunder or any of the parties 
thereto (other than the Administrative Agent) shall default in the due 
performance or observance of any term, covenant or agreement on their part 
to be performed or observed pursuant to the terms thereof.

III. Acknowledgments and Agreements.

          1. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that each of the Loan 
Documents to which it is a party (i) constitutes its legal, valid and 
binding obligation, and is enforceable against it in accordance with its 
terms, except to the extent that such enforceability may be limited by 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other 
similar laws generally affecting creditors rights and by equitable 
principals (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at 
law), and (ii) is hereby reaffirmed and ratified, including without 
limitation, each of the waiver of claims and defenses granted by the 
Borrower under the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, the Borrower unconditionally and irrevocably waives any claim or 
defense in respect of the Obligations, including, without limitation, any 
claim or defense based on any right of setoff or counterclaim.

-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          2. As of November 6, 2007, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees 
that it is indebted to the Lenders in the aggregate principal amount of 
$10,343,439.95, which is the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving 
Loans plus accrued and unpaid and accruing interest and fees. Nothing 
contained herein shall alter, amend, modify or extinguish the obligation of 
the Borrower to repay the Obligations, and neither this Amendment nor any 
of the other documents, agreements or instruments executed or delivered in 
connection herewith or related hereto constitutes a novation or, except as 
expressly provided herein, modification of any of the Loan Documents.

          3. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that all of its assets 
pledged, assigned, conveyed, mortgaged, hypothecated or transferred to the 
Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders pursuant to the 
Collateral Documents including, without limitation, the Collateral, are 
(and shall continue to be) subject to the fully perfected liens and 
security interests of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the 
Lenders (subject only to Permitted Encumbrances), as collateral security 
for all of the Obligations. Without limiting the other provisions of the 
Loan Documents, the Borrower will, and will cause its Subsidiaries to, 
promptly take all actions and execute or deliver all documents, agreements 
and instruments, including any Uniform Commercial Code financing statement 
amendments, U.S. Patent and Trademark filings and/or amendments to or new 
control agreements in respect of any of the Borrowers Deposit Accounts 
(defined below), required by the Administrative Agent to implement the 
transactions contemplated by the Amendment and the documents, agreements 
and/or instruments executed or delivered in connection herewith. The 
Borrower hereby respectively reaffirms and ratifies its prior conveyance to 
the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders of a continuing 
security interest in and lien on the Collateral described in the instrument 
conveying such security interest.

          4. The Borrower shall enter into an Intercreditor Agreement, in 
form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, with IESA and 
the Administrative Agent on or prior to the 5th Business Day following the 
date hereof, or, if later, promptly, but no later than on or prior to the 
1st Business Day, following the execution and delivery thereof by the 
Administrative Agent and IESA.

IV. Representations and Warranties. In order to induce the Lenders to enter 
into this Amendment, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants as 
follows:

          1. After giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing, and all of the representations and 
warranties contained in the Credit Agreement and in the other Loan 
Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the 
Second Amendment Effective Date, it being understood and agreed that any 
representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified 
date shall be true and correct in all material respects only as of such 
specified date.

          2. It has the power, and has been duly authorized by all 
requisite action, to execute and deliver this Amendment and the other 
documents, agreements and instruments executed or delivered in connection 
herewith to which it is a party, and to perform its obligations hereunder 
and thereunder. This Amendment and the other documents, agreements and 
instruments executed and

-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

delivered in connection herewith have been duly executed and delivered by 
it. This Amendment and the other documents, agreements and instruments 
executed and delivered in connection herewith are its legal, valid and 
binding obligations, enforceable against it in accordance with their 
respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by any 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar 
law affecting creditors rights generally (regardless of whether 
enforcement is sought at equity or at law).

          3. Neither the execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower 
of this Amendment or of the other documents, agreements or instruments 
executed and delivered in connection herewith to which it is a party, nor 
compliance by it with the terms and provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) 
contravene any provision of any law, statute, rule or regulation or any 
order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or governmental 
instrumentality, except for those set forth on Schedule 3.03 to the Credit 
Agreement or for immaterial such contraventions arising as a result of the 
execution, delivery or performance of this Amendment or the other 
documents, agreements or instruments executed and delivered in connection 
herewith, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach of any of the terms, 
covenants, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or 
result in the creation or imposition of (or the obligation to create or 
impose) any Lien (except pursuant to the Loan Documents and the TDU License 
Agreements) upon any of the property or assets of the Borrower or any of 
its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of 
trust, deed to secure debt, credit agreement or loan agreement, or any 
other material agreement, contract or instrument (other than those set 
forth on Schedule 3.03 of the Credit Agreement), in each case to which the 
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its 
property or assets is bound or to which it may be subject, or (iii) violate 
any provision of the certificate or articles of incorporation, certificate 
of formation, limited liability company agreement or by-laws (or equivalent 
organizational documents), as applicable, of the Borrower or any of its 
Subsidiaries.

          4. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.06 of the Credit Agreement, 
no order, consent, approval, license, authorization or validation of, or 
filing, recording or registration with (except for (x) those that have 
otherwise been obtained or made on or prior to the Second Amendment 
Effective Date and which remain in full force and effect on the Second 
Amendment Effective Date, (y) those filings which are necessary to perfect 
the security interests created under the Collateral Documents, and (z) 
those disclosure filings to be made with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any successor thereto (the SEC), provided that such filings 
are made within the required time periods or are waived (as specified by 
applicable laws)), or exemption by, any governmental or public body or 
authority, or any subdivision thereof, is required to be obtained or made 
by, or on behalf of, the Borrower to authorize, or is required to be 
obtained or made by, or on behalf of, the Borrower in connection with, (i) 
the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment or any document, 
agreement or instrument executed or delivered in connection herewith to 
which it is a party, or (ii) the legality, validity, binding effect or 
enforceability of this Amendment or any document, agreement or instrument 
executed or delivered in connection herewith to which it is a party.

          5. There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower 
after due inquiry, threatened, actions suits or proceedings (i) with 
respect to this Amendment or any document, agreement or instrument executed 
or delivered in connection herewith, or (ii) other than those previously 
disclosed to the Administrative Agent in writing, that would reasonably be 
expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material 
Adverse Effect.

-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

V. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become effective on 
the date (the Second Amendment Effective Date) when (i) the Borrower and 
the Lenders shall have signed a counterpart hereof (whether the same or 
different counterparts) and shall have delivered (including by way of 
facsimile transmission) the same to the Administrative Agent; and (ii) the 
Administrative Agent shall have received the following:

               (a) from the Borrower, in immediately available funds, the 
unpaid fees and expenses of White & Case LLP incurred in connection with 
this Amendment;

               (b) a fully executed copy of the TDU License Agreements in 
the form of Exhibit A annexed hereto and all other documents, agreements 
and instruments executed or delivered in connection therewith, in each 
case, the agreements shall be in full force and effect;

               (c) satisfactory evidence from the Borrower that it has 
received not less than $5,000,000 pursuant to the TDU License Agreements;

               (d) a certificate of the Borrowers secretary or assistant 
secretary certifying the names and the signatures of its officers who are 
authorized to execute this Amendment and, as the case may be, the other 
documents, agreements and instruments executed or delivered in connection 
herewith to which it is a party;

               (e) copies, certified by the secretary or assistant 
secretary of the Borrower, of the resolutions of its board of directors or 
similar governing body, approving this Amendment and, as the case may be, 
the documents, agreements and instruments executed or delivered in 
connection herewith to which it is a party, and the transactions 
contemplated hereby and thereby;

               (f) an opinion of counsel to the Borrower addressed to each 
of the Administrative Agent and Lenders, dated as of the Second Amendment 
Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative 
Agent; and

               (g) such other documents, instruments, and agreements 
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent.

VI. RELEASE. IN CONSIDERATION OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENTS AND EACH 
LENDERS EXECUTION OF THIS AMENDMENT, AND OF EACH BORROWING FROM TIME TO 
TIME AFTER THE SECOND AMENDMENT EFFECTIVE DATE, THE BORROWER 
UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY ACQUITS AND FULLY FOREVER RELEASES AND 
DISCHARGES THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER, AND THEIR MANAGEMENT 
COMPANY AND ALL AFFILIATED FUNDS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF SUCH MANAGEMENT 
COMPANY, AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PARTNERS, SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, 
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS, FINANCIAL ADVISORS, PRINCIPALS, DIRECTORS AND 
SHAREHOLDERS OF SUCH PERSONS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE HEIRS, LEGAL 
REPRESENTATIVES, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS (COLLECTIVELY, THE RELEASEES), 
FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, CAUSES OF ACTION,

-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

OBLIGATIONS, REMEDIES, SUITS, DAMAGES AND LIABILITIES OF ANY NATURE 
WHATSOEVER, WHETHER OR NOT NOW KNOWN, SUSPECTED OR CLAIMED, WHETHER ARISING 
UNDER COMMON LAW, IN EQUITY OR UNDER STATUTE, WHICH THE BORROWER EVER HAD 
OR NOW HAS AGAINST ANY OF THE RELEASEES AND WHICH MAY HAVE ARISEN AT ANY 
TIME PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF AND WHICH WERE IN ANY MANNER RELATED TO THIS 
AMENDMENT, THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR ANY RELATED 
DOCUMENTS, INSTRUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS, OR THE ENFORCEMENT OR ATTEMPTED OR 
THREATENED ENFORCEMENTS BY ANY OF THE RELEASEES OF ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE 
RIGHTS, REMEDIES OR RECOURSE RELATED THERETO.

VII. Miscellaneous.

          1. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts 
and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which 
counterparts when executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of 
which shall together constitute one and the same instrument.

          2. This Amendment is limited as specified and, except as 
expressly set forth herein, shall not constitute a modification, acceptance 
or waiver of any other provision of the Credit Agreement or any Loan 
Document.

          3. THIS AMENDMENT, AND THE DOCUMENTS, AGREEMENTS AND INSTRUMENTS 
EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, AND THE RIGHTS AND 
OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER, SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO 
CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF. Each of the parties hereto agrees 
that the provisions of Section 9.09 of the Credit Agreement shall apply to 
any action with respect to this Amendment, and the documents, agreements 
and the instruments, executed or delivered in connection herewith.

          4. All notices and other communications provided for hereunder 
shall be made or given to the parties hereto in the manner and at the 
address and telecopier numbers specified in Section 9.01 of the Credit 
Agreement and shall be deemed made or given, and effective, as set forth in 
such section.

          5. From and after the Second Amendment Effective Date, all 
references in the Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents to 
the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Credit 
Agreement as modified hereby. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan 
Document for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents.


* * *

-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused a 
counterpart of this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the 
date first above written.
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	ATARI, INC., as Borrower 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Curtis G. Solsvig 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	Name: Curtis G. Solsvig III
Title: Chief Restructuring Officer 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	Name:
Title: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	BLUEBAY HIGH YIELD INVESTMENTS (LUXEMBOURG) S.A.R.L.,
as administrative agent and lender
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	By: BlueBay Asset Management PLC,
acting as agent for BlueBay High Yield Investments
(Luxembourg) S.a.r.l.
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Gina J. Germano 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	Name: 	  	 
 
  	  	  	Title: 	  	 