 EX-10.1 4 dex101.htm AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST
EXHIBIT 10.1


AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION


OF TRUST


IBERIABANK STATUTORY TRUST VI


Dated as of November 9, 2007

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	  	   	Page
   	ARTICLE I 	   	
   	INTERPRETATION AND DEFINITIONS 	   	

 SECTION 1.1.

   	Definitions 	   	1
   	ARTICLE II 	   	
   	ORGANIZATION 	   	

 SECTION 2.1.

   	Name 	   	8

 SECTION 2.2.

   	Office 	   	9

 SECTION 2.3.

   	Purpose 	   	9

 SECTION 2.4.

   	Authority 	   	9

 SECTION 2.5.

   	Title to Property of the Trust 	   	9

 SECTION 2.6.

   	Powers and Duties of the Trustees and the Administrators 	   	9

 SECTION 2.7.

   	Prohibition of Actions by the Trust and the Trustees 	   	14

 SECTION 2.8.

   	Powers and Duties of the Institutional Trustee 	   	15

 SECTION 2.9.

   	Certain Duties and Responsibilities of the Trustees and the 
Administrators 	   	16

 SECTION 2.10.

   	Certain Rights of Institutional Trustee 	   	18

 SECTION 2.11.

   	Execution of Documents 	   	21

 SECTION 2.12.

   	Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities 	   	21

 SECTION 2.13.

   	Duration of Trust 	   	21

 SECTION 2.14.

   	Mergers 	   	21
   	ARTICLE III 	   	
   	SPONSOR 	   	

 SECTION 3.1.

   	Sponsors Purchase of Common Securities 	   	23

 SECTION 3.2.

   	Responsibilities of the Sponsor 	   	23
   	ARTICLE IV 	   	
   	TRUSTEES AND ADMINISTRATORS 	   	

 SECTION 4.1.

   	Number of Trustees 	   	23

 SECTION 4.2.

   	Institutional Trustee; Eligibility 	   	24

 SECTION 4.3.

   	Administrators 	   	24

 SECTION 4.4.

   	Appointment, Removal and Resignation of the Trustees and the 
Administrators 	   	25

 SECTION 4.5.

   	Vacancies Among Trustees 	   	26
 
-i-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 
   	   	  	   	Page

 SECTION 4.6.

   	Effect of Vacancies 	   	26

 SECTION 4.7.

   	Meetings of the Trustees and the Administrators 	   	26

 SECTION 4.8.

   	Delegation of Power 	   	27

 SECTION 4.9.

   	Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business 	   	27
   	ARTICLE V 	   	
   	DISTRIBUTIONS 	   	

 SECTION 5.1.

   	Distributions 	   	27
   	ARTICLE VI 	   	
   	ISSUANCE OF SECURITIES 	   	

 SECTION 6.1.

   	General Provisions Regarding Securities 	   	28

 SECTION 6.2.

   	Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, Calculation Agent and Registrar 	   	29

 SECTION 6.3.

   	Form and Dating 	   	30

 SECTION 6.4.

   	Book-Entry Capital Securities 	   	30

 SECTION 6.5.

   	Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates 	   	32

 SECTION 6.6.

   	Temporary Securities 	   	32

 SECTION 6.7.

   	Cancellation 	   	33

 SECTION 6.8.

   	Rights of Holders; Waivers of Past Defaults 	   	33
   	ARTICLE VII 	   	
   	DISSOLUTION AND TERMINATION OF TRUST 	   	

 SECTION 7.1.

   	Dissolution and Termination of Trust 	   	35
   	ARTICLE VIII 	   	
   	TRANSFER OF INTERESTS 	   	

 SECTION 8.1.

   	General 	   	36

 SECTION 8.2.

   	Transfer Procedures and Restrictions 	   	37

 SECTION 8.3.

   	Deemed Security Holders 	   	40
   	ARTICLE IX 	   	
   	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF HOLDERS OF SECURITIES, TRUSTEES OR OTHERS 	  
 	

 SECTION 9.1.

   	Liability 	   	40

 SECTION 9.2.

   	Exculpation 	   	41

 SECTION 9.3.

   	Fiduciary Duty 	   	42

 SECTION 9.4.

   	Indemnification 	   	42

 SECTION 9.5.

   	Outside Businesses 	   	45
 
-ii-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 
   	   	  	   	Page

 SECTION 9.6.

   	Compensation; Fee 	   	46
   	ARTICLE X 	   	
   	ACCOUNTING 	   	

 SECTION 10.1.

   	Fiscal Year 	   	46

 SECTION 10.2.

   	Certain Accounting Matters 	   	46

 SECTION 10.3.

   	Banking 	   	47

 SECTION 10.4.

   	Withholding 	   	47
   	ARTICLE XI 	   	
   	AMENDMENTS AND MEETINGS 	   	

 SECTION 11.1.

   	Amendments 	   	48

 SECTION 11.2.

   	Meetings of the Holders of the Securities; Action by Written Consent 	  
 	50
   	ARTICLE XII 	   	
   	REPRESENTATIONS OF INSTITUTIONAL TRUSTEE 	   	

 SECTION 12.1.

   	Representations and Warranties of Institutional Trustee 	   	51
   	ARTICLE XIII 	   	
   	MISCELLANEOUS 	   	

 SECTION 13.1.

   	Notices 	   	52

 SECTION 13.2.

   	Governing Law 	   	53

 SECTION 13.3.

   	Submission to Jurisdiction 	   	53

 SECTION 13.4.

   	Intention of the Parties 	   	54

 SECTION 13.5.

   	Headings 	   	54

 SECTION 13.6.

   	Successors and Assigns 	   	54

 SECTION 13.7.

   	Partial Enforceability 	   	54

 SECTION 13.8.

   	Counterparts 	   	54
 
-iii-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 
 
  	   	  	   	Page
ANNEXES AND EXHIBITS 	   	
ANNEX I 	   	Terms of TP Securities and Common Securities 	   	
EXHIBIT A-1 	   	Form of Capital Security Certificate 	   	
EXHIBIT A-2 	   	Form of Common Security Certificate 	   	
 
-iv-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST


OF


IBERIABANK STATUTORY TRUST VI


November 9, 2007


AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST (this Declaration), dated and 
effective as of November 9, 2007, by the Trustee (as defined herein), the 
Administrators (as defined herein), the Sponsor (as defined herein) and the 
holders from time to time of undivided beneficial interests in the assets 
of the Trust (as defined herein) to be issued pursuant to this Declaration.


WHEREAS, the Trustee, the Administrators and the Sponsor established 
IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI (the Trust), a statutory trust under the 
Statutory Trust Act (as defined herein), pursuant to a Declaration of 
Trust, dated as of November 7, 2007 (the Original Declaration), and a 
Certificate of Trust filed with the Secretary of State of the State of 
Connecticut on November 7, 2007, for the sole purpose of issuing and 
selling certain securities representing undivided beneficial interests in 
the assets of the Trust and investing the proceeds thereof in the 
Debentures (as defined herein) of the Debenture Issuer (as defined herein) 
in connection with the issuance of the Capital Securities (as defined 
herein);


WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, no interests in the assets of the Trust 
have been issued; and


WHEREAS, the Trustee, the Administrators and the Sponsor, by this 
Declaration, amend and restate each and every term and provision of the 
Original Declaration.


NOW, THEREFORE, it being the intention of the parties hereto to continue 
the Trust as a statutory trust under the Statutory Trust Act and that this 
Declaration constitutes the governing instrument of such statutory trust, 
and that all assets contributed to the Trust will be held in trust for the 
benefit of the holders, from time to time, of the securities representing 
undivided beneficial interests in the assets of the Trust issued hereunder, 
subject to the provisions of this Declaration, and, in consideration of the 
mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties, 
intending to be legally bound hereby, amend and restate in its entirety the 
Original Declaration and agree as follows:



ARTICLE I
INTERPRETATION AND DEFINITIONS


SECTION 1.1. Definitions. Unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) capitalized terms used in this Declaration but not defined in the 
preamble above or elsewhere herein have the respective meanings assigned to 
them in this Section 1.1 or, if not defined in this Section 1.1 or 
elsewhere herein, in the Indenture;

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) a term defined anywhere in this Declaration has the same meaning 
throughout;


(c) all references to the Declaration or this Declaration are to this 
Declaration as modified, supplemented or amended from time to time;


(d) all references in this Declaration to Articles and Sections and Annexes 
and Exhibits are to Articles and Sections of and Annexes and Exhibits to 
this Declaration unless otherwise specified;


(e) a term defined in the Trust Indenture Act (as defined herein) has the 
same meaning when used in this Declaration unless otherwise defined in this 
Declaration or unless the context otherwise requires; and


(f) a reference to the singular includes the plural and vice versa.


Additional Interest has the meaning set forth in Section 3.06 of the 
Indenture.


Administrative Action has the meaning set forth in paragraph 4(a) of 
Annex I.


Administrators means each of Joseph B. Zanco and Anthony J. Restel, 
solely in such Persons capacity as Administrator of the Trust continued 
hereunder and not in such Persons individual capacity, or such 
Administrators successor in interest in such capacity, or any successor 
appointed as herein provided.


Affiliate has the same meaning as given to that term in Rule 405 of the 
Securities Act or any successor rule thereunder.


Applicable Depositary Procedures means, with respect to any transfer or 
transaction involving a Book-Entry Capital Security, the rules and 
procedures of the Depositary for such Book-Entry Capital Security, in each 
case to the extent applicable to such transaction and as in effect from 
time to time.


Authorized Officer of a Person means any Person that is authorized to 
bind such Person.


Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person:

(a) a court having jurisdiction in the premises enters a decree or order 
for relief in respect of such Person in an involuntary case under any 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in 
effect, or appoints a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, 
sequestrator or similar official of such Person or for any substantial part 
of its property, or orders the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, 
and such decree, appointment or order remains unstayed and in effect for a 
period of 90 consecutive days; or


(b) such Person commences a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, consents to the 
entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or 
consents to the appointment of or
 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, 
sequestrator or other similar official of such Person of any substantial 
part of its property, or makes any general assignment for the benefit of 
creditors, or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due.


Book-Entry Capital Security means a Capital Security, the ownership and 
transfers of which shall be made through book entries by a Depositary.


Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or any other day 
on which banking institutions in Boston, Massachusetts or New York City or 
the city of the Corporate Trust Office are permitted or required by any 
applicable law or executive order to close.


Calculation Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 1.01 of the 
Indenture.


Capital Securities has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a).


Capital Securities Purchase Agreement means the Capital Securities 
Purchase Agreement dated as of November 7, 2007 among the Trust, the 
Sponsor and Alesco Preferred Funding XVII, Ltd.


Capital Security Certificate means a definitive Certificate registered in 
the name of the Holder representing a Capital Security substantially in the 
form of Exhibit A 1.


Capital Treatment Event has the meaning set forth in paragraph 4(a) of 
Annex I.


Certificate means any certificate evidencing Securities.


Certificate of Trust means the certificate of trust filed with the 
Secretary of State of the State of Connecticut with respect to the Trust, 
as amended and restated from time to time.


Closing Date means the date of execution and delivery of this 
Declaration.


Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
time, or any successor legislation.


Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.


Common Securities has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a).


Common Security Certificate means a definitive Certificate registered in 
the name of the Holder representing a Common Security substantially in the 
form of Exhibit A-2.


Company Indemnified Person means (a) any Administrator; (b) any Affiliate 
of any Administrator; (c) any officers, directors, shareholders, members, 
partners, employees, representatives or agents of any Administrator; or (d) 
any officer, employee or agent of the Trust or its Affiliates.


Corporate Trust Office means the office of the Institutional Trustee at 
which the corporate trust business of the Institutional Trustee shall, at 
any particular time, be principally administered, which office shall at all 
times be located in the United States and at the date of execution of this 
Declaration is located at 225 Asylum Street, 23rd Floor, Hartford, 
Connecticut 06103, Attn: Corporate Trust Services  IBERIABANK Statutory 
Trust VI.
 
-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Coupon Rate has the meaning set forth in paragraph 2(a) of Annex I.


Covered Person means: (a) any Administrator, officer, director, 
shareholder, partner, member, representative, employee or agent of (i) the 
Trust or (ii) the Trusts Affiliates; and (b) any Holder of Securities.


Debenture Issuer means IBERIABANK Corporation, a bank holding company 
incorporated in Louisiana, in its capacity as issuer of the Debentures 
under the Indenture.


Debenture Trustee means U.S. Bank National Association, not in its 
individual capacity but solely as trustee under the Indenture until a 
successor is appointed thereunder, and thereafter means such successor 
trustee.


Debentures means the Junior Subordinated Debt Securities due December 15, 
2037 to be issued by the Debenture Issuer under the Indenture.


Deferred Interest means any interest on the Debentures that would have 
been overdue and unpaid for more than one Distribution Payment Date but for 
the imposition of an Extension Period, and the interest that shall accrue 
(to the extent that the payment of such interest is legally enforceable) on 
such interest at the Coupon Rate applicable during such Extension Period, 
compounded quarterly from the date on which such Deferred Interest would 
otherwise have been due and payable until paid or made available for 
payment.


Definitive Capital Securities means any Capital Securities in definitive 
form issued by the Trust.


Depositary means an organization registered as a clearing agency under 
the Exchange Act that is designated as Depositary by the Sponsor or any 
successor thereto. DTC will be the initial Depositary.


Depositary Participant means a broker, dealer, bank, other financial 
institution or other Person for whom from time to time the Depositary 
effects book-entry transfers and pledges of securities deposited with the 
Depositary.


Direct Action has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(e).


Distribution means a distribution payable to Holders of Securities in 
accordance with Section 5.1.


Distribution Payment Date has the meaning set forth in paragraph 2(e) of 
Annex I.


Distribution Payment Period means the period from and including a 
Distribution Payment Date, or in the case of the first Distribution Payment 
Period, the original date of issuance of the Securities, to, but excluding, 
the next succeeding Distribution Payment Date or, in the case of the last 
Distribution Payment Period, the Redemption Date, Special Redemption Date 
or Maturity Date (each as defined in the Indenture), as the case may be, 
for the related Debentures.
 
-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
DTC means The Depository Trust Company or any successor thereto.


Event of Default means the occurrence of an Indenture Event of Default.


Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from 
time to time, or any successor legislation.


Extension Period has the meaning set forth in paragraph 2(e) of Annex I.


Fiduciary Indemnified Person shall mean the Institutional Trustee 
(including in its individual capacity), any Affiliate of the Institutional 
Trustee, and any officers, directors, shareholders, members, partners, 
employees, representatives, custodians, nominees or agents of the 
Institutional Trustee.


Fiscal Year has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.


Global Capital Security means a Capital Securities Certificate evidencing 
ownership of Book-Entry Capital Securities.


Guarantee means the Guarantee Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, of 
the Sponsor (the Guarantor) in respect of the Capital Securities.


Holder means a Person in whose name a Certificate representing a Security 
is registered on the register maintained by or on behalf of the Registrar, 
such Person being a beneficial owner within the meaning of the Statutory 
Trust Act.


Indemnified Person means a Company Indemnified Person or a Fiduciary 
Indemnified Person.


Indenture means the Indenture, dated as of the Closing Date, between the 
Debenture Issuer and the Debenture Trustee, and any indenture supplemental 
thereto pursuant to which the Debentures are to be issued.


Indenture Event of Default means an Event of Default as defined in the 
Indenture.


Initial Purchaser means the Initial Purchaser of the Capital Securities.


Institutional Trustee means the Trustee meeting the eligibility 
requirements set forth in Section 4.3.


Investment Company means an investment company as defined in the 
Investment Company Act.


Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
amended from time to time, or any successor legislation.
 
-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Investment Company Event has the meaning set forth in paragraph 4(a) of 
Annex I.


Legal Action has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(e).


LIBOR means the London Interbank Offered Rate for U.S. Dollar deposits in 
Europe as determined by the Calculation Agent according to paragraph 2(b) 
of Annex I.


LIBOR Banking Day has the meaning set forth in paragraph 2(b)(1) of Annex 
I.


LIBOR Business Day has the meaning set forth in paragraph 2(b)(1) of 
Annex I.


LIBOR Determination Date has the meaning set forth in paragraph 2(b)(1) 
of Annex I.


Liquidation has the meaning set forth in paragraph 3 of Annex I.


Liquidation Distribution has the meaning set forth in paragraph 3 of 
Annex I.


Majority in liquidation amount of the Securities means Holders of 
outstanding Securities voting together as a single class or, as the context 
may require, Holders of outstanding Capital Securities or Holders of 
outstanding Common Securities voting separately as a class, who are the 
record owners of more than 50% of the aggregate liquidation amount 
(including the stated amount that would be paid on redemption, liquidation 
or otherwise, plus accrued and unpaid Distributions to the date upon which 
the voting percentages are determined) of all outstanding Securities of the 
relevant class.


Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11 of the Indenture.


Officers Certificate means, with respect to any Person, a certificate 
signed by two Authorized Officers of such Person. Any Officers Certificate 
delivered with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided 
for in this Declaration shall include:

(a) a statement that each officer signing the Officers Certificate has 
read the covenant or condition and the definitions relating thereto;


(b) a brief statement of the nature and scope of the examination or 
investigation undertaken by each officer in rendering the Officers 
Certificate;


(c) a statement that each such officer has made such examination or 
investigation as, in such officers opinion, is necessary to enable such 
officer to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant 
or condition has been complied with; and


(d) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such officer, such 
condition or covenant has been complied with.


Owner means each Person who is the beneficial owner of Book-Entry Capital 
Securities as reflected in the records of the Depositary or, if a 
Depositary Participant is not the beneficial owner, then the beneficial 
owner as reflected in the records of the Depositary Participant.
 
-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Paying Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.


Payment Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.


Person means a legal person, including any individual, corporation, 
estate, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, 
limited liability company, trust, unincorporated association, or government 
or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity of 
whatever nature.


Placement Agreement means the Placement Agreement relating to the 
offering and sale of Capital Securities.


PORTAL has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(a)(i)(E).


Property Account has the meaning set forth in Section 2.8(c).


Pro Rata has the meaning set forth in paragraph 8 of Annex I.


QIB means a qualified institutional buyer as defined under Rule 144A.


Quorum means a majority of the Administrators or, if there are only two 
Administrators, both of them.


Redemption Date has the meaning set forth in paragraph 4(a) of Annex I.


Redemption/Distribution Notice has the meaning set forth in paragraph 
4(e) of Annex I.


Redemption Price has the meaning set forth in paragraph 4(a) of Annex I.


Registrar has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.


Responsible Officer means, with respect to the Institutional Trustee, any 
officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the Institutional Trustee with 
direct responsibility for the administration of this Declaration, including 
any vice-president, any assistant vice-president, any secretary, any 
assistant secretary, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer, any trust 
officer or other officer of the Corporate Trust Office of the Institutional 
Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any 
of the above designated officers and also means, with respect to a 
particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to whom such matter is 
referred because of that officers knowledge of and familiarity with the 
particular subject.


Restricted Securities Legend has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(c).


Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act.


Rule 3a-5 means Rule 3a-5 under the Investment Company Act.


Rule 3a-7 means Rule 3a-7 under the Investment Company Act.
 
-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Securities means the Common Securities and the Capital Securities, as 
applicable.


Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to 
time, or any successor legislation.


Special Event has the meaning set forth in paragraph 4(a) of Annex I.


Special Redemption Price has the meaning set forth in paragraph 4(a) of 
Annex I.


Sponsor means IBERIABANK Corporation, a bank holding company that is a 
U.S. Person incorporated in Louisiana, or any successor entity in a merger, 
consolidation or amalgamation that is a U.S. Person, in its capacity as 
sponsor of the Trust.


Statutory Trust Act means Chapter 615 of Title 34 of the Connecticut 
General Statutes, 34 C.G.S. § 500 et seq., as it may be amended from time 
to time, or any successor legislation.


Successor Entity has the meaning set forth in Section 2.15(b).


Successor Institutional Trustee has the meaning set forth in Section 
4.4(b).


Successor Securities has the meaning set forth in Section 2.15(b).


Super Majority has the meaning set forth in paragraph 5(b) of Annex I.


Tax Event has the meaning set forth in paragraph 4(a) of Annex I.


10% in liquidation amount of the Securities means Holders of outstanding 
Securities voting together as a single class or, as the context may 
require, Holders of outstanding Capital Securities or Holders of 
outstanding Common Securities voting separately as a class, who are the 
record owners of 10% or more of the aggregate liquidation amount (including 
the stated amount that would be paid on redemption, liquidation or 
otherwise, plus accrued and unpaid Distributions to the date upon which the 
voting percentages are determined) of all outstanding Securities of the 
relevant class.


Transfer Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.


Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended 
from time-to-time, or any successor legislation.


Trustee or Trustees means each Person who has signed this Declaration 
as a trustee, so long as such Person shall continue in office in accordance 
with the terms hereof, and all other Persons who may from time to time be 
duly appointed, qualified and serving as Trustees in accordance with the 
provisions hereof, and references herein to a Trustee or the Trustees shall 
refer to such Person or Persons solely in their capacity as trustees 
hereunder.


Trust Property means (a) the Debentures, (b) any cash on deposit in, or 
owing to, the Property Account and (c) all proceeds and rights in respect 
of the foregoing and any other property and assets for the time being held 
or deemed to be held by the Institutional Trustee pursuant to the trusts of 
this Declaration.
 
-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
U.S. Person means a United States Person as defined in Section 
7701(a)(30) of the Code.



ARTICLE II
ORGANIZATION


SECTION 2.1. Name. The Trust is continued hereby and shall be known as 
IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI, as such name may be modified from time to 
time by the Administrators following written notice to the Institutional 
Trustee and the Holders of the Securities. The Trusts activities may be 
conducted under the name of the Trust or any other name deemed advisable by 
the Administrators.


SECTION 2.2. Office. The address of the principal office of the Trust, 
which shall be in a state of the United States or the District of Columbia, 
is 225 Asylum Street, 23rd Floor, Hartford, Connecticut 06103, Attention: 
Corporate Trust Services - IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI. On ten Business 
Days written notice to the Institutional Trustee and the Holders of the 
Securities, the Administrators may designate another principal office, 
which shall be in a state of the United States or the District of Columbia.


SECTION 2.3. Purpose. The exclusive purposes and functions of the Trust are 
(a) to issue and sell the Securities representing undivided beneficial 
interests in the assets of the Trust, (b) to invest the gross proceeds from 
such sale to acquire the Debentures, (c) to facilitate direct investment in 
the assets of the Trust through issuance of the Common Securities and the 
Capital Securities and (d) except as otherwise limited herein, to engage in 
only those other activities incidental thereto that are deemed necessary or 
advisable by the Institutional Trustee, including, without limitation, 
those activities specified in this Declaration. The Trust shall not borrow 
money, issue debt or reinvest proceeds derived from investments, pledge any 
of its assets, or otherwise undertake (or permit to be undertaken) any 
activity that would cause the Trust not to be classified for United States 
federal income tax purposes as a grantor trust.


SECTION 2.4. Authority. Except as specifically provided in this 
Declaration, the Institutional Trustee shall have exclusive and complete 
authority to carry out the purposes of the Trust. An action taken by a 
Trustee on behalf of the Trust and in accordance with such Trustees powers 
shall constitute the act of and serve to bind the Trust. In dealing with 
the Trustees acting on behalf of the Trust, no Person shall be required to 
inquire into the authority of the Trustees to bind the Trust. Persons 
dealing with the Trust are entitled to rely conclusively on the power and 
authority of the Trustees as set forth in this Declaration. The 
Administrators shall have only those ministerial duties set forth herein 
with respect to accomplishing the purposes of the Trust and are not 
intended to be trustees or fiduciaries with respect to the Trust or the 
Holders. The Institutional Trustee shall have the right, but shall not be 
obligated except as provided in Section 2.6, to perform those duties 
assigned to the Administrators.


SECTION 2.5. Title to Property of the Trust. Except as provided in Section 
2.6(g) and Section 2.8 with respect to the Debentures and the Property 
Account or as otherwise provided in
 
-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
this Declaration, legal title to all assets of the Trust shall be vested in 
the Trust. The Holders shall not have legal title to any part of the assets 
of the Trust, but shall have an undivided beneficial interest in the assets 
of the Trust.


SECTION 2.6. Powers and Duties of the Trustees and the Administrators.

(a) The Trustees and the Administrators shall conduct the affairs of the 
Trust in accordance with the terms of this Declaration. Subject to the 
limitations set forth in paragraph (b) of this Section, and in accordance 
with the following provisions (i) and (ii), the Administrators and, at the 
direction of the Administrators, the Trustees, shall have the authority to 
enter into all transactions and agreements determined by the Administrators 
to be appropriate in exercising the authority, express or implied, 
otherwise granted to the Trustees or the Administrators, as the case may 
be, under this Declaration, and to perform all acts in furtherance thereof, 
including without limitation, the following:

(i) Each Administrator shall have the power, duty and authority, and is 
hereby authorized, to act on behalf of the Trust with respect to the 
following matters:

(A) the issuance and sale of the Securities;

(B) to acquire the Debentures with the proceeds of the sale of the 
Securities; provided, however, that the Administrators shall cause legal 
title to the Debentures to be held of record in the name of the 
Institutional Trustee for the benefit of the Holders;

(C) to cause the Trust to enter into, and to execute, deliver and perform 
on behalf of the Trust, such agreements as may be necessary or desirable in 
connection with the purposes and function of the Trust, including 
agreements with the Paying Agent, a Debenture subscription agreement 
between the Trust and the Sponsor and a Common Securities subscription 
agreement between the Trust and the Sponsor;

(D) ensuring compliance with the Securities Act and applicable state 
securities or blue sky laws;

(E) if and at such time determined solely by the Sponsor at the request of 
the Holders, assisting in the designation of the Capital Securities for 
trading in the Private Offering, Resales and Trading through the Automatic 
Linkages (PORTAL) system if available;

(F) the sending of notices (other than notices of default) and other 
information regarding the Securities and the Debentures to the Holders in 
accordance with this Declaration, including notice of any notice received 
from the Debenture Issuer of its election to defer payments of interest on 
the Debentures by extending the interest payment period under the 
Indenture;
 
-10-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(G) the appointment of a Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar in 
accordance with this Declaration;

(H) execution and delivery of the Securities in accordance with this 
Declaration;

(I) execution and delivery of closing certificates pursuant to the 
Placement Agreement and the application for a taxpayer identification 
number;

(J) unless otherwise determined by the Holders of a Majority in liquidation 
amount of the Securities or as otherwise required by the Statutory Trust 
Act, to execute on behalf of the Trust (either acting alone or together 
with any or all of the Administrators) any documents that the 
Administrators have the power to execute pursuant to this Declaration;

(K) the taking of any action incidental to the foregoing as the Sponsor or 
an Administrator may from time to time determine is necessary or advisable 
to give effect to the terms of this Declaration for the benefit of the 
Holders (without consideration of the effect of any such action on any 
particular Holder);

(L) to establish a record date with respect to all actions to be taken 
hereunder that require a record date be established, including 
Distributions, voting rights, redemptions and exchanges, and to issue 
relevant notices to the Holders of Capital Securities and Holders of Common 
Securities as to such actions and applicable record dates;

(M) to duly prepare and file on behalf of the Trust all applicable tax 
returns and tax information reports that are required to be filed with 
respect to the Trust;

(N) to negotiate the terms of, and the execution and delivery of, the 
Placement Agreement and the Capital Securities Purchase Agreement related 
thereto, providing for the sale of the Capital Securities;

(O) to employ or otherwise engage employees, agents (who may be designated 
as officers with titles), managers, contractors, advisors, attorneys and 
consultants and pay reasonable compensation for such services;

(P) to incur expenses that are necessary or incidental to carry out any of 
the purposes of the Trust;

(Q) to give the certificate required by § 314(a)(4) of the Trust Indenture 
Act to the Institutional Trustee, which certificate may be executed by an 
Administrator; and
 
-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(R) to take all action that may be necessary or appropriate for the 
preservation and the continuation of the Trusts valid existence, rights, 
franchises and privileges as a statutory trust under the laws of each 
jurisdiction (other than the State of Connecticut) in which such existence 
is necessary to protect the limited liability of the Holders of the Capital 
Securities or to enable the Trust to effect the purposes for which the 
Trust was created.

(ii) As among the Trustees and the Administrators, the Institutional 
Trustee shall have the power, duty and authority, and is hereby authorized, 
to act on behalf of the Trust with respect to the following matters:

(A) the establishment of the Property Account;

(B) the receipt of the Debentures;

(C) the collection of interest, principal and any other payments made in 
respect of the Debentures in the Property Account;

(D) the distribution through the Paying Agent of amounts owed to the 
Holders in respect of the Securities;

(E) the exercise of all of the rights, powers and privileges of a holder of 
the Debentures;

(F) the sending of notices of default and other information regarding the 
Securities and the Debentures to the Holders in accordance with this 
Declaration;

(G) the distribution of the Trust Property in accordance with the terms of 
this Declaration;

(H) to the extent provided in this Declaration, the winding up of the 
affairs of and liquidation of the Trust;

(I) after any Event of Default (of which the Institutional Trustee has 
knowledge (as provided in Section 2.10(m) hereof)) (provided, that such 
Event of Default is not by or with respect to the Institutional Trustee), 
the taking of any action incidental to the foregoing as the Institutional 
Trustee may from time to time determine is necessary or advisable to give 
effect to the terms of this Declaration and protect and conserve the Trust 
Property for the benefit of the Holders (without consideration of the 
effect of any such action on any particular Holder);

(J) to take all action that may be necessary or appropriate for the 
preservation and the continuation of the Trusts valid existence, rights, 
franchises and privileges as a statutory trust under the laws of the State 
of Connecticut to protect the limited liability of the Holders of the 
Capital Securities or to enable the Trust to effect the purposes for which 
the Trust was created; and
 
-12-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(K) to undertake any actions set forth in § 317(a) of the Trust Indenture 
Act.

(iii) The Institutional Trustee shall have the power and authority, and is 
hereby authorized, to act on behalf of the Trust with respect to any of the 
duties, liabilities, powers or the authority of the Administrators set 
forth in Section 2.6(a)(i)(E) and (F) herein but shall not have a duty to 
do any such act unless specifically requested to do so in writing by the 
Sponsor, and shall then be fully protected in acting pursuant to such 
written request; and in the event of a conflict between the action of the 
Administrators and the action of the Institutional Trustee, the action of 
the Institutional Trustee shall prevail.


(b) So long as this Declaration remains in effect, the Trust (or the 
Trustees or Administrators acting on behalf of the Trust) shall not 
undertake any business, activities or transaction except as expressly 
provided herein or contemplated hereby. In particular, neither the Trustees 
nor the Administrators may cause the Trust to (i) acquire any investments 
or engage in any activities not authorized by this Declaration, (ii) sell, 
assign, transfer, exchange, mortgage, pledge, set-off or otherwise dispose 
of any of the Trust Property or interests therein, including to Holders, 
except as expressly provided herein, (iii) take any action that would cause 
(or in the case of the Institutional Trustee, to the actual knowledge of a 
Responsible Officer would cause) the Trust to fail or cease to qualify as a 
grantor trust for United States federal income tax purposes, (iv) incur 
any indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any other debt or (v) take or 
consent to any action that would result in the placement of a lien on any 
of the Trust Property. The Institutional Trustee shall, at the sole cost 
and expense of the Trust, defend all claims and demands of all Persons at 
any time claiming any lien on any of the Trust Property adverse to the 
interest of the Trust or the Holders in their capacity as Holders.


(c) In connection with the issuance and sale of the Capital Securities, the 
Sponsor shall have the right and responsibility to assist the Trust with 
respect to, or effect on behalf of the Trust, the following (and any 
actions taken by the Sponsor in furtherance of the following prior to the 
date of this Declaration are hereby ratified and confirmed in all 
respects):

(i) the taking of any action necessary to obtain an exemption from the 
Securities Act;

(ii) the determination of the States in which to take appropriate action to 
qualify or register for sale all or part of the Capital Securities and the 
determination of any and all such acts, other than actions which must be 
taken by or on behalf of the Trust, and the advisement of and direction to 
the Administrators of actions they must take on behalf of the Trust, and 
the preparation for execution and filing of any documents to be executed 
and filed by the Trust or on behalf of the Trust, as the Sponsor deems 
necessary or advisable in order to comply with the applicable laws of any 
such States in connection with the sale of the Capital Securities; and
 
-13-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) the taking of any other actions necessary or desirable to carry out 
any of the foregoing activities.


(d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrators, 
the Institutional Trustee and the Holders of a Majority in liquidation 
amount of the Common Securities are authorized and directed to conduct the 
affairs of the Trust and to operate the Trust so that (i) the Trust will 
not be deemed to be an Investment Company (in the case of the Institutional 
Trustee, to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer), and (ii) the 
Trust will not fail to be classified as a grantor trust for United States 
federal income tax purposes (in the case of the Institutional Trustee, to 
the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer) and (iii) the Trust will not 
take any action inconsistent with the treatment of the Debentures as 
indebtedness of the Debenture Issuer for United States federal income tax 
purposes (in the case of the Institutional Trustee, to the actual knowledge 
of a Responsible Officer). In this connection, the Institutional Trustee, 
the Administrators and the Holders of a Majority in liquidation amount of 
the Common Securities are authorized to take any action, not inconsistent 
with applicable laws or this Declaration, as amended from time to time, 
that each of the Institutional Trustee, the Administrators and such Holders 
determine in their discretion to be necessary or desirable for such 
purposes, even if such action adversely affects the interests of the 
Holders of the Capital Securities.


(e) All expenses incurred by the Administrators or the Trustees pursuant to 
this Section 2.6 shall be reimbursed by the Sponsor, and the Trustees shall 
have no obligations with respect to such expenses.


(f) The assets of the Trust shall consist of the Trust Property.


(g) Legal title to all Trust Property shall be vested at all times in the 
Institutional Trustee (in its capacity as such) and shall be held and 
administered by the Institutional Trustee for the benefit of the Trust in 
accordance with this Declaration.


(h) If the Institutional Trustee or any Holder has instituted any 
proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Declaration and such 
proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been 
determined adversely to the Institutional Trustee or to such Holder, then 
and in every such case the Sponsor, the Institutional Trustee and the 
Holders shall, subject to any determination in such proceeding, be restored 
severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder, and 
thereafter all rights and remedies of the Institutional Trustee and the 
Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted.


SECTION 2.7. Prohibition of Actions by the Trust and the Trustees. The 
Trust shall not, and the Institutional Trustee and the Administrators shall 
not, and the Administrators shall cause the Trust not to, engage in any 
activity other than as required or authorized by this Declaration. In 
particular, the Trust shall not, and the Institutional Trustee and the 
Administrators shall not cause the Trust to:

(a) invest any proceeds received by the Trust from holding the Debentures, 
but shall distribute all such proceeds to Holders of the Securities 
pursuant to the terms of this Declaration and of the Securities;
 
-14-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) acquire any assets other than as expressly provided herein;


(c) possess Trust Property for other than a Trust purpose;


(d) make any loans or incur any indebtedness other than loans represented 
by the Debentures;


(e) possess any power or otherwise act in such a way as to vary the Trust 
Property or the terms of the Securities;


(f) issue any securities or other evidences of beneficial ownership of, or 
beneficial interest in, the Trust other than the Securities; or


(g) other than as provided in this Declaration (including Annex I), (i) 
direct the time, method and place of exercising any trust or power 
conferred upon the Debenture Trustee with respect to the Debentures, (ii) 
waive any past default that is waivable under the Indenture, (iii) exercise 
any right to rescind or annul any declaration that the principal of all the 
Debentures shall be due and payable, or (iv) consent to any amendment, 
modification or termination of the Indenture or the Debentures where such 
consent shall be required unless the Trust shall have received a written 
opinion of counsel experienced in such matters to the effect that such 
amendment, modification or termination will not cause the Trust to cease to 
be classified as a grantor trust for United States federal income tax 
purposes.


SECTION 2.8. Powers and Duties of the Institutional Trustee.

(a) The legal title to the Debentures shall be owned by and held of record 
in the name of the Institutional Trustee in trust for the benefit of the 
Trust. The right, title and interest of the Institutional Trustee to the 
Debentures shall vest automatically in each Person who may hereafter be 
appointed as Institutional Trustee in accordance with Section 4.7. Such 
vesting and cessation of title shall be effective whether or not 
conveyancing documents with regard to the Debentures have been executed and 
delivered.


(b) The Institutional Trustee shall not transfer its right, title and 
interest in the Debentures to the Administrators.


(c) The Institutional Trustee shall:

(i) establish and maintain a segregated non-interest bearing trust account 
(the Property Account) in the United States (as defined in Treasury 
Regulations § 301.7701-7), in the name of and under the exclusive control 
of the Institutional Trustee, and maintained in the Institutional Trustees 
trust department, on behalf of the Holders of the Securities and, upon the 
receipt of payments of funds made in respect of the Debentures held by the 
Institutional Trustee, deposit such funds into the Property Account and 
make payments to the Holders of the Capital Securities and Holders of the 
Common Securities from the Property Account in accordance with Section 5.1. 
Funds in the Property Account shall be held uninvested until disbursed in 
accordance with this Declaration;
 
-15-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) engage in such ministerial activities as shall be necessary or 
appropriate to effect the redemption of the Capital Securities and the 
Common Securities to the extent the Debentures are redeemed or mature; and

(iii) upon written notice of distribution issued by the Administrators in 
accordance with the terms of the Securities, engage in such ministerial 
activities as shall be necessary or appropriate to effect the distribution 
of the Debentures to Holders of Securities upon the occurrence of certain 
circumstances pursuant to the terms of the Securities.


(d) The Institutional Trustee shall take all actions and perform such 
duties as may be specifically required of the Institutional Trustee 
pursuant to the terms of the Securities.


(e) The Institutional Trustee may bring or defend, pay, collect, 
compromise, arbitrate, resort to legal action with respect to, or otherwise 
adjust claims or demands of or against, the Trust (a Legal Action) which 
arise out of or in connection with an Event of Default of which a 
Responsible Officer of the Institutional Trustee has actual knowledge or 
the Institutional Trustees duties and obligations under this Declaration 
or the Trust Indenture Act; provided, however, that if an Event of Default 
has occurred and is continuing and such event is attributable to the 
failure of the Debenture Issuer to pay interest or premium, if any, on or 
principal of the Debentures on the date such interest, premium, if any, or 
principal is otherwise payable (or in the case of redemption, on the 
redemption date), then a Holder of the Capital Securities may directly 
institute a proceeding for enforcement of payment to such Holder of the 
principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Debentures having a 
principal amount equal to the aggregate liquidation amount of the Capital 
Securities of such Holder (a Direct Action) on or after the respective 
due date specified in the Debentures. In connection with such Direct 
Action, the rights of the Holders of the Common Securities will be 
subrogated to the rights of such Holder of the Capital Securities to the 
extent of any payment made by the Debenture Issuer to such Holder of the 
Capital Securities in such Direct Action; provided, however, that a Holder 
of the Common Securities may exercise such right of subrogation only if no 
Event of Default with respect to the Capital Securities has occurred and is 
continuing.


(f) The Institutional Trustee shall continue to serve as a Trustee until 
either:

(i) the Trust has been completely liquidated and the proceeds of the 
liquidation distributed to the Holders of the Securities pursuant to the 
terms of the Securities and this Declaration (including Annex I) and the 
certificate of cancellation referenced in Section 7.1(b) has been filed; or


(ii) a Successor Institutional Trustee has been appointed and has accepted 
that appointment in accordance with Section 4.7.


(g) The Institutional Trustee shall have the legal power to exercise all of 
the rights, powers and privileges of a holder of the Debentures under the 
Indenture and, if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the 
Institutional Trustee may, for the benefit of Holders of the Securities, 
enforce its rights as holder of the Debentures subject to the rights of the 
Holders pursuant to this Declaration (including Annex I) and the terms of 
the Securities.
 
-16-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(h) The Institutional Trustee must exercise the powers set forth in this 
Section 2.8 in a manner that is consistent with the purposes and functions 
of the Trust set out in Section 2.3, and the Institutional Trustee shall 
not take any action that is inconsistent with the purposes and functions of 
the Trust set out in Section 2.3.


SECTION 2.9. Certain Duties and Responsibilities of the Trustees and the 
Administrators.

(a) The Institutional Trustee, before the occurrence of any Event of 
Default (of which the Institutional Trustee has knowledge (as provided in 
Section 2.10(m) hereof)) and after the curing of all Events of Default that 
may have occurred, shall undertake to perform only such duties as are 
specifically set forth in this Declaration and no implied covenants shall 
be read into this Declaration against the Institutional Trustee. In case an 
Event of Default (of which the Institutional Trustee has knowledge (as 
provided in Section 2.10(m) hereof)), has occurred (that has not been cured 
or waived pursuant to Section 6.8), the Institutional Trustee shall 
exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Declaration, 
and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent 
person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of his 
or her own affairs.


(b) The duties and responsibilities of the Trustees and the Administrators 
shall be as provided by this Declaration and, in the case of the 
Institutional Trustee, by the Trust Indenture Act. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, no provision of this Declaration shall require any Trustee or 
Administrator to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any 
financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or 
in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable 
grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity 
satisfactory to it against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured 
to it. Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of 
this Declaration relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or 
affording protection to the Trustees or the Administrators shall be subject 
to the provisions of this Article. Nothing in this Declaration shall be 
construed to release a Trustee from liability for its own negligent action, 
its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct or bad 
faith. Nothing in this Declaration shall be construed to release an 
Administrator from liability for its own gross negligent action, its own 
gross negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct or bad faith. 
To the extent that, at law or in equity, a Trustee or an Administrator has 
duties and liabilities relating to the Trust or to the Holders, such 
Trustee or Administrator shall not be liable to the Trust or to any Holder 
for such Trustees or Administrators good faith reliance on the provisions 
of this Declaration. The provisions of this Declaration, to the extent that 
they restrict the duties and liabilities of the Administrators or the 
Trustees otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed by the Sponsor 
and the Holders to replace such other duties and liabilities of the 
Administrators or the Trustees.


(c) All payments made by the Institutional Trustee or a Paying Agent in 
respect of the Securities shall be made only from the revenue and proceeds 
from the Trust Property and only to the extent that there shall be 
sufficient revenue or proceeds from the Trust Property to enable the 
Institutional Trustee or a Paying Agent to make payments in accordance with 
the terms hereof. Each Holder, by its acceptance of a Security, agrees that 
it will look solely to the revenue and proceeds from the Trust Property to 
the extent legally available for distribution to it as herein provided and 
that the Trustees and the Administrators are not
 
-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
personally liable to it for any amount distributable in respect of any 
Security or for any other liability in respect of any Security. This 
Section 2.9(c) does not limit the liability of the Trustees expressly set 
forth elsewhere in this Declaration or, in the case of the Institutional 
Trustee, in the Trust Indenture Act.


(d) No provision of this Declaration shall be construed to relieve the 
Institutional Trustee from liability for its own negligent action, its own 
negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct or bad faith with 
respect to matters that are within the authority of the Institutional 
Trustee under this Declaration, except that:

(i) the Institutional Trustee shall not be liable for any error or judgment 
made in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Institutional Trustee, 
unless it shall be proved that the Institutional Trustee was negligent in 
ascertaining the pertinent facts;

(ii) the Institutional Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any 
action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with 
the direction of the Holders of not less than a Majority in liquidation 
amount of the Capital Securities or the Common Securities, as applicable, 
relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any 
remedy available to the Institutional Trustee, or exercising any trust or 
power conferred upon the Institutional Trustee under this Declaration;

(iii) the Institutional Trustees sole duty with respect to the custody, 
safe keeping and physical preservation of the Debentures and the Property 
Account shall be to deal with such property in a similar manner as the 
Institutional Trustee deals with similar property for its own account, 
subject to the protections and limitations on liability afforded to the 
Institutional Trustee under this Declaration and the Trust Indenture Act;

(iv) the Institutional Trustee shall not be liable for any interest on any 
money received by it except as it may otherwise agree in writing with the 
Sponsor; and money held by the Institutional Trustee need not be segregated 
from other funds held by it except in relation to the Property Account 
maintained by the Institutional Trustee pursuant to Section 2.8(c)(i) and 
except to the extent otherwise required by law; and

(v) the Institutional Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring the 
compliance by the Administrators or the Sponsor with their respective 
duties under this Declaration, nor shall the Institutional Trustee be 
liable for any default or misconduct of the Administrators or the Sponsor.


SECTION 2.10. Certain Rights of Institutional Trustee. Subject to the 
provisions of Section 2.9.

(a) the Institutional Trustee may conclusively rely and shall fully be 
protected in acting or refraining from acting in good faith upon any 
resolution, written opinion of counsel, certificate, written representation 
of a Holder or transferee, certificate of auditors or any other
 
-18-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, 
direction, consent, order, appraisal, bond, debenture, note, other evidence 
of indebtedness or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and 
to have been signed, sent or presented by the proper party or parties;


(b) if (i) in performing its duties under this Declaration, the 
Institutional Trustee is required to decide between alternative courses of 
action, (ii) in construing any of the provisions of this Declaration, the 
Institutional Trustee finds the same ambiguous or inconsistent with any 
other provisions contained herein, or (iii) the Institutional Trustee is 
unsure of the application of any provision of this Declaration, then, 
except as to any matter as to which the Holders of Capital Securities are 
entitled to vote under the terms of this Declaration, the Institutional 
Trustee may deliver a notice to the Sponsor requesting the Sponsors 
opinion as to the course of action to be taken and the Institutional 
Trustee shall take such action, or refrain from taking such action, as the 
Institutional Trustee in its sole discretion shall deem advisable and in 
the best interests of the Holders, in which event the Institutional Trustee 
shall have no liability except for its own negligence, willful misconduct 
or bad faith;


(c) any direction or act of the Sponsor or the Administrators contemplated 
by this Declaration shall be sufficiently evidenced by an Officers 
Certificate;


(d) whenever in the administration of this Declaration, the Institutional 
Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established 
before undertaking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the 
Institutional Trustee (unless other evidence is herein specifically 
prescribed) may, in the absence of bad faith on its part, request and 
conclusively rely upon an Officers Certificate which, upon receipt of such 
request, shall be promptly delivered by the Sponsor or the Administrators;


(e) the Institutional Trustee shall have no duty to see to any recording, 
filing or registration of any instrument (including any financing or 
continuation statement or any filing under tax or securities laws) or any 
rerecording, refiling or reregistration thereof;


(f) the Institutional Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection 
(which counsel may be counsel to the Sponsor or any of its Affiliates) and 
the advice of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and 
protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it 
hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon and in accordance with such 
advice; the Institutional Trustee shall have the right at any time to seek 
instructions concerning the administration of this Declaration from any 
court of competent jurisdiction;


(g) the Institutional Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any 
of the rights or powers vested in it by this Declaration at the request or 
direction of any of the Holders pursuant to this Declaration, unless such 
Holders shall have offered to the Institutional Trustee security or 
indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and 
liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request 
or direction; provided, that nothing contained in this Section 2.10(g) 
shall be taken to relieve the Institutional Trustee, upon the occurrence of 
an Event of Default (of which the Institutional Trustee has knowledge (as 
provided in Section 2.10(m) hereof)) that has not been cured or waived, of 
its obligation to exercise the rights and powers vested in it by this 
Declaration;
 
-19-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(h) the Institutional Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation 
into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, 
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, 
bond, debenture, note or other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or 
document, unless requested in writing to do so by one or more Holders, but 
the Institutional Trustee may make such further inquiry or investigation 
into such facts or matters as it may see fit;


(i) the Institutional Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers 
hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through 
its agents or attorneys and the Institutional Trustee shall not be 
responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of, or for the 
supervision of, any such agent or attorney appointed with due care by it 
hereunder;


(j) whenever in the administration of this Declaration the Institutional 
Trustee shall deem it desirable to receive instructions with respect to 
enforcing any remedy or right or taking any other action hereunder, the 
Institutional Trustee (i) may request instructions from the Holders of the 
Common Securities and the Capital Securities, which instructions may be 
given only by the Holders of the same proportion in liquidation amount of 
the Common Securities and the Capital Securities as would be entitled to 
direct the Institutional Trustee under the terms of the Common Securities 
and the Capital Securities in respect of such remedy, right or action, (ii) 
may refrain from enforcing such remedy or right or taking such other action 
until such instructions are received, and (iii) shall be fully protected in 
acting in accordance with such instructions;


(k) except as otherwise expressly provided in this Declaration, the 
Institutional Trustee shall not be under any obligation to take any action 
that is discretionary under the provisions of this Declaration;


(l) when the Institutional Trustee incurs expenses or renders services in 
connection with a Bankruptcy Event, such expenses (including the fees and 
expenses of its counsel) and the compensation for such services are 
intended to constitute expenses of administration under any bankruptcy law 
or law relating to creditors rights generally;


(m) the Institutional Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of an 
Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Institutional Trustee 
has actual knowledge of such event or the Institutional Trustee receives 
written notice of such event from any Holder, except with respect to an 
Event of Default pursuant to Sections 5.01(a), 5.01(b) or 5.01(c) of the 
Indenture (other than an Event of Default resulting from the default in the 
payment of Additional Interest or premium, if any, if the Institutional 
Trustee does not have actual knowledge or written notice that such payment 
is due and payable), of which the Institutional Trustee shall be deemed to 
have knowledge;


(n) any action taken by the Institutional Trustee or its agents hereunder 
shall bind the Trust and the Holders of the Securities, and the signature 
of the Institutional Trustee or its agents alone shall be sufficient and 
effective to perform any such action and no third party shall be required 
to inquire as to the authority of the Institutional Trustee to so act or as 
to its compliance with any of the terms and provisions of this Declaration, 
both of which shall be conclusively evidenced by the Institutional 
Trustees or its agents taking such action; and
 
-20-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(o) no provision of this Declaration shall be deemed to impose any duty or 
obligation on the Institutional Trustee to perform any act or acts or 
exercise any right, power, duty or obligation conferred or imposed on it, 
in any jurisdiction in which it shall be illegal, or in which the 
Institutional Trustee shall be unqualified or incompetent in accordance 
with applicable law, to perform any such act or acts, or to exercise any 
such right, power, duty or obligation. No permissive power or authority 
available to the Institutional Trustee shall be construed to be a duty.


SECTION 2.11. Execution of Documents. Unless otherwise determined in 
writing by the Institutional Trustee, and except as otherwise required by 
the Statutory Trust Act, the Institutional Trustee, or any one or more of 
the Administrators, as the case may be, is authorized to execute and 
deliver on behalf of the Trust any documents, agreements, instruments or 
certificates that the Trustees or the Administrators, as the case may be, 
have the power and authority to execute pursuant to Section 2.6.


SECTION 2.12. Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities. The 
recitals contained in this Declaration and the Securities shall be taken as 
the statements of the Sponsor, and the Trustees do not assume any 
responsibility for their correctness. The Trustees make no representations 
as to the value or condition of the property of the Trust or any part 
thereof. The Trustees make no representations as to the validity or 
sufficiency of this Declaration, the Debentures or the Securities.


SECTION 2.13. Duration of Trust. The Trust, unless dissolved pursuant to 
the provisions of Article VII hereof, shall have existence for thirty-five 
(35) years from the Closing Date.


SECTION 2.14. Mergers.

(a) The Trust may not consolidate, amalgamate, merge with or into, or be 
replaced by, or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets 
substantially as an entirety to any corporation or other Person, except as 
described in this Section 2.15 and except with respect to the distribution 
of Debentures to Holders of Securities pursuant to Section 7.1(a)(iv) of 
the Declaration or Section 3 of Annex I.


(b) The Trust may, with the consent of the Administrators (which consent 
will not be unreasonably withheld) and without the consent of the 
Institutional Trustee or the Holders of the Capital Securities, 
consolidate, amalgamate, merge with or into, or be replaced by, or convey, 
transfer or lease its properties and assets as an entirety or substantially 
as an entirety to a trust organized as such under the laws of any state; 
provided, that:

(i) if the Trust is not the survivor, such successor entity (the Successor 
Entity) either:

(A) expressly assumes all of the obligations of the Trust under the 
Securities; or

(B) substitutes for the Securities other securities having substantially 
the same terms as the Securities (the Successor Securities)
 
-21-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
so that the Successor Securities rank the same as the Securities rank with 
respect to Distributions and payments upon Liquidation, redemption and 
otherwise;

(ii) the Sponsor expressly appoints a trustee of the Successor Entity that 
possesses the same powers and duties as the Institutional Trustee;

(iii) the Capital Securities or any Successor Securities (excluding any 
securities substituted for the Common Securities) are listed or quoted, or 
any Successor Securities will be listed or quoted upon notification of 
issuance, on any national securities exchange or with another organization 
on which the Capital Securities are then listed or quoted, if any;

(iv) such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, replacement, conveyance, 
transfer or lease does not cause the rating, if any, on the Capital 
Securities (including any Successor Securities) to be downgraded or 
withdrawn by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization, if 
the Capital Securities are then rated;

(v) such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, replacement, conveyance, 
transfer or lease does not adversely affect the rights, preferences and 
privileges of the Holders of the Securities (including any Successor 
Securities) in any material respect (other than with respect to any 
dilution of such Holders interests in the Successor Entity as a result of 
such merger, consolidation, amalgamation or replacement);

(vi) such Successor Entity has a purpose substantially identical to that of 
the Trust;

(vii) prior to such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, replacement, 
conveyance, transfer or lease, the Trust has received a written opinion of 
a nationally recognized independent counsel to the Trust experienced in 
such matters to the effect that:

(A) such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, replacement, conveyance, 
transfer or lease does not adversely affect the rights, preferences and 
privileges of the Holders of the Securities (including any Successor 
Securities) in any material respect (other than with respect to any 
dilution of the Holders interests in the Successor Entity);

(B) following such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, replacement, 
conveyance, transfer or lease, neither the Trust nor the Successor Entity 
will be required to register as an Investment Company; and

(C) following such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, replacement, 
conveyance, transfer or lease, the Trust (or the Successor Entity) will 
continue to be classified as a grantor trust for United States federal 
income tax purposes;
 
-22-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(viii) the Sponsor guarantees the obligations of such Successor Entity 
under the Successor Securities to the same extent provided by the 
Guarantee, the Debentures and this Declaration; and

(ix) prior to such merger, consolidation, amalgamation, replacement, 
conveyance, transfer or lease, the Institutional Trustee shall have 
received an Officers Certificate of the Administrators and an opinion of 
counsel, each to the effect that all conditions precedent of this paragraph 
(b) to such transaction have been satisfied.


(c) Notwithstanding Section 2.15(b), the Trust shall not, except with the 
consent of Holders of 100% in liquidation amount of the Securities, 
consolidate, amalgamate, merge with or into, or be replaced by, or convey, 
transfer or lease its properties and assets as an entirety or substantially 
as an entirety to, any other Person or permit any other Person to 
consolidate, amalgamate, merge with or into, or replace it if such 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger, replacement, conveyance, transfer or 
lease would cause the Trust or Successor Entity to be classified as other 
than a grantor trust for United States federal income tax purposes.



ARTICLE III
SPONSOR


SECTION 3.1. Sponsors Purchase of Common Securities. On the Closing Date, 
the Sponsor will purchase all of the Common Securities issued by the Trust, 
in an amount at least equal to 3% of the capital of the Trust, at the same 
time as the Capital Securities are sold.


SECTION 3.2. Responsibilities of the Sponsor. In connection with the issue 
and sale of the Capital Securities, the Sponsor shall have the exclusive 
right and responsibility and sole decision to engage in, or direct the 
Administrators to engage in, the following activities:

(a) to determine the States in which to take appropriate action to qualify 
or register for sale of all or part of the Capital Securities and to do any 
and all such acts, other than actions which must be taken by the Trust, and 
advise the Trust of actions it must take, and prepare for execution and 
filing any documents to be executed and filed by the Trust, as the Sponsor 
deems necessary or advisable in order to comply with the applicable laws of 
any such States;


(b) to prepare for filing and request the Administrators to cause the 
filing by the Trust, as may be appropriate, of an application to the PORTAL 
system, for listing or quotation upon notice of issuance of any Capital 
Securities, as requested by the Holders of not less than a Majority in 
liquidation amount of the Capital Securities; and


(c) to negotiate the terms of and/or execute and deliver on behalf of the 
Trust, the Placement Agreement and other related agreements providing for 
the sale of the Capital Securities.
 
-23-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE IV
TRUSTEES AND ADMINISTRATORS


SECTION 4.1. Number of Trustees. The number of Trustees initially shall be 
one, and:

(a) at any time before the issuance of any Securities, the Sponsor may, by 
written instrument, increase or decrease the number of Trustees; and


(b) after the issuance of any Securities, the number of Trustees may be 
increased or decreased by vote of the Holder of a Majority in liquidation 
amount of the Common Securities voting as a class at a meeting of the 
Holder of the Common Securities; provided, however, that there shall always 
be one Trustee who shall be the Institutional Trustee.


SECTION 4.2. Institutional Trustee; Eligibility.

(a) There shall at all times be one Trustee which shall act as 
Institutional Trustee which shall:

(i) not be an Affiliate of the Sponsor;

(ii) not offer or provide credit or credit enhancement to the Trust; and

(iii) be a banking corporation or national association organized and doing 
business under the laws of the United States of America or any state 
thereof or of the District of Columbia and authorized under such laws to 
exercise corporate trust powers, having a combined capital and surplus of 
at least fifty million U.S. dollars ($50,000,000), and subject to 
supervision or examination by federal, state or District of Columbia 
authority. If such corporation or national association publishes reports of 
condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of the 
supervising or examining authority referred to above, then for the purposes 
of this Section 4.3(a)(iii), the combined capital and surplus of such 
corporation or national association shall be deemed to be its combined 
capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so 
published.


(b) If at any time the Institutional Trustee shall cease to be eligible to 
so act under Section 4.2(a), the Institutional Trustee shall immediately 
resign in the manner and with the effect set forth in Section 4.5.


(c) If the Institutional Trustee has or shall acquire any conflicting 
interest within the meaning of § 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act, the 
Institutional Trustee shall either eliminate such interest or resign, to 
the extent and in the manner provided by, and subject to this Declaration.


(d) The initial Institutional Trustee shall be U.S. Bank National 
Association.
 
-24-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.3. Administrators. Each Administrator shall be a U.S. Person.

There shall at all times be at least one Administrator. Except where a 
requirement for action by a specific number of Administrators is expressly 
set forth in this Declaration and except with respect to any action the 
taking of which is the subject of a meeting of the Administrators, any 
action required or permitted to be taken by the Administrators may be taken 
by, and any power of the Administrators may be exercised by, or with the 
consent of, any one such Administrator acting alone.


SECTION 4.4. Appointment, Removal and Resignation of the Trustees and the 
Administrators.

(a) No resignation or removal of any Trustee and no appointment of a 
successor Trustee pursuant to this Article shall become effective until the 
acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee in accordance with the 
applicable requirements of this Section 4.4.


(b) Subject to Section 4.4(a), a Trustee may resign at any time by giving 
written notice thereof to the Holders of the Securities and by appointing a 
successor Trustee. Upon the resignation of the Institutional Trustee, the 
Institutional Trustee shall appoint a successor by requesting from at least 
three Persons meeting the eligibility requirements their expenses and 
charges to serve as the successor Institutional Trustee on a form provided 
by the Administrators, and selecting the Person who agrees to the lowest 
reasonable expense and charges (the Successor Institutional Trustee). If 
the instrument of acceptance by the successor Trustee required by this 
Section 4.4 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within 60 days 
after the giving of such notice of resignation or delivery of the 
instrument of removal, the Trustee may petition, at the expense of the 
Trust, any federal, state or District of Columbia court of competent 
jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee. Such court may 
thereupon, after prescribing such notice, if any, as it may deem proper, 
appoint a Trustee. The Institutional Trustee shall have no liability for 
the selection of such successor pursuant to this Section 4.4.


(c) Unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, any 
Trustee may be removed at any time by an act of the Holders of a Majority 
in liquidation amount of the Common Securities. If any Trustee shall be so 
removed, the Holders of the Common Securities, by act of the Holders of a 
Majority in liquidation amount of the Common Securities delivered to the 
Trustee, shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee, and such successor 
Trustee shall comply with the applicable requirements of this Section 4.4. 
If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the 
Institutional Trustee may be removed by the act of the Holders of a 
Majority in liquidation amount of the Capital Securities, delivered to the 
Trustee (in its individual capacity and on behalf of the Trust). If any 
Trustee shall be so removed, the Holders of Capital Securities, by act of 
the Holders of a Majority in liquidation amount of the Capital Securities 
then outstanding delivered to the Trustee, shall promptly appoint a 
successor Trustee or Trustees, and such successor Trustee shall comply with 
the applicable requirements of this Section 4.4. If no successor Trustee 
shall have been so appointed by the Holders of a Majority in liquidation 
amount of the Capital Securities and accepted appointment in the manner 
required by this Section 4.4 within 30 days after delivery of an instrument 
of removal, the Trustee or any Holder who has been a Holder of the 
Securities for at least six months may, on
 
-25-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
behalf of himself and all others similarly situated, petition any federal, 
state or District of Columbia court of competent jurisdiction for the 
appointment of a successor Trustee. Such court may thereupon, after 
prescribing such notice, if any, as it may deem proper, appoint a successor 
Trustee or Trustees.


(d) The Institutional Trustee shall give notice of each resignation and 
each removal of a Trustee and each appointment of a successor Trustee to 
all Holders and to the Sponsor. Each notice shall include the name of the 
successor Trustee and the address of its Corporate Trust Office if it is 
the Institutional Trustee.


(e) In case of the appointment hereunder of a successor Trustee, the 
retiring Trustee and each successor Trustee with respect to the Securities 
shall execute and deliver an amendment hereto wherein each successor 
Trustee shall accept such appointment and which (a) shall contain such 
provisions as shall be necessary or desirable to transfer and confirm to, 
and to vest in, each successor Trustee all the rights, powers, trusts and 
duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities and the Trust 
and (b) shall add to or change any of the provisions of this Declaration as 
shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the 
Trust by more than one Trustee, it being understood that nothing herein or 
in such amendment shall constitute such Trustees co-trustees and upon the 
execution and delivery of such amendment the resignation or removal of the 
retiring Trustee shall become effective to the extent provided therein and 
each such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, 
shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the 
retiring Trustee; but, on request of the Trust or any successor Trustee, 
such retiring Trustee shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such 
successor Trustee all Trust Property, all proceeds thereof and money held 
by such retiring Trustee hereunder with respect to the Securities and the 
Trust subject to the payment of all unpaid fees, expenses and indemnities 
of such retiring Trustee.


(f) No Institutional Trustee shall be liable for the acts or omissions to 
act of any Successor Institutional Trustee.


(g) The Holders of the Capital Securities will have no right to vote to 
appoint, remove or replace the Administrators, which voting rights are 
vested exclusively in the Holders of the Common Securities.


SECTION 4.5. Vacancies Among Trustees. If a Trustee ceases to hold office 
for any reason and the number of Trustees is not reduced pursuant to 
Section 4.1, or if the number of Trustees is increased pursuant to Section 
4.1, a vacancy shall occur. A resolution certifying the existence of such 
vacancy by the Trustees or, if there are more than two, a majority of the 
Trustees shall be conclusive evidence of the existence of such vacancy. The 
vacancy shall be filled with a Trustee appointed in accordance with Section 
4.4.


SECTION 4.6. Effect of Vacancies. The death, resignation, retirement, 
removal, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation, incompetence or incapacity 
to perform the duties of a Trustee shall not operate to dissolve, terminate 
or annul the Trust or terminate this Declaration. Whenever a vacancy in the 
number of Trustees shall occur, until such vacancy is filled by the 
appointment of a Trustee in accordance with Section 4.4, the Institutional 
Trustee shall have all the powers granted to the Trustees and shall 
discharge all the duties imposed upon the Trustees by this Declaration.
 
-26-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.7. Meetings of the Trustees and the Administrators. Meetings of 
the Trustees or the Administrators shall be held from time to time upon the 
call of any Trustee or Administrator, as applicable. Regular meetings of 
the Trustees and the Administrators, respectively, may be in person in the 
United States or by telephone, at a place (if applicable) and time fixed by 
resolution of the Trustees or the Administrators, as applicable. Notice of 
any in-person meetings of the Trustees or the Administrators shall be hand 
delivered or otherwise delivered in writing (including by facsimile, with a 
hard copy by overnight courier) not less than 48 hours before such meeting. 
Notice of any telephonic meetings of the Trustees or the Administrators or 
any committee thereof shall be hand delivered or otherwise delivered in 
writing (including by facsimile, with a hard copy by overnight courier) not 
less than 24 hours before a meeting. Notices shall contain a brief 
statement of the time, place and anticipated purposes of the meeting. The 
presence (whether in person or by telephone) of a Trustee or an 
Administrator, as the case may be, at a meeting shall constitute a waiver 
of notice of such meeting except where a Trustee or an Administrator, as 
the case may be, attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to 
the transaction of any activity on the ground that the meeting has not been 
lawfully called or convened. Unless provided otherwise in this Declaration, 
any action of the Trustees or the Administrators, as the case may be, may 
be taken at a meeting by vote of a majority of the Trustees or the 
Administrators present (whether in person or by telephone) and eligible to 
vote with respect to such matter; provided, that, in the case of the 
Administrators, a Quorum is present, or without a meeting by the unanimous 
written consent of the Trustees or the Administrators, as the case may be. 
Meetings of the Trustees and the Administrators together shall be held from 
time to time upon the call of any Trustee or Administrator.


SECTION 4.8. Delegation of Power.

(a) Any Trustee or any Administrator, as the case may be, may, by power of 
attorney consistent with applicable law, delegate to any other natural 
person over the age of 21 that is a U.S. Person his or her power for the 
purpose of executing any documents, instruments or other writings 
contemplated in Section 2.6.


(b) The Trustees shall have power to delegate from time to time to such of 
their number or to any officer of the Trust that is a U.S. Person, the 
doing of such things and the execution of such instruments or other 
writings either in the name of the Trust or the names of the Trustees or 
otherwise as the Trustees may deem expedient, to the extent such delegation 
is not prohibited by applicable law or contrary to the provisions of the 
Trust, as set forth herein.


SECTION 4.9. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business.

Any Person into which the Institutional Trustee may be merged or converted 
or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any 
merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Institutional Trustee 
shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to all or substantially all the 
corporate trust business of the Institutional Trustee shall be the 
successor of the Institutional Trustee hereunder, without the execution or 
filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties 
hereto, provided such Person shall be otherwise qualified and eligible 
under this Article.
 
-27-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE V
DISTRIBUTIONS


SECTION 5.1. Distributions.

(a) Holders shall receive Distributions in accordance with the applicable 
terms of the relevant Holders Securities. Distributions shall be made on 
the Capital Securities and the Common Securities in accordance with the 
preferences set forth in their respective terms. If and to the extent that 
the Debenture Issuer makes a payment of interest (including any Additional 
Interest or Deferred Interest) or premium, if any, on and/or principal on 
the Debentures held by the Institutional Trustee (the amount of any such 
payment being a Payment Amount), the Institutional Trustee shall and is 
directed, to the extent funds are available in the Property Account for 
that purpose, to make a distribution (a Distribution) of the Payment 
Amount to Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, funds in the Property 
Account shall not be distributed to Holders to the extent of any taxes 
payable by the Trust, in the case of withholding taxes, as determined by 
the Institutional Trustee or any Paying Agent and, in the case of taxes 
other than withholding tax taxes, as determined by the Administrators in a 
written notice to the Institutional Trustee.


(b) As a condition to the payment of any principal of or interest on the 
Securities without the imposition of withholding tax, the Administrators 
shall require the previous delivery of properly completed and signed 
applicable U.S. federal income tax certifications (generally, an Internal 
Revenue Service Form W-9 (or applicable successor form) in the case of a 
person that is a United States person within the meaning of Section 
7701(a)(30) of the Code or an Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 (or 
applicable successor form) in the case of a person that is not a United 
States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, and 
any other certification acceptable to it to enable the Institutional 
Trustee or any Paying Agent to determine their respective duties and 
liabilities with respect to any taxes or other charges that they may be 
required to pay, deduct or withhold in respect of such Securities.



ARTICLE VI
ISSUANCE OF SECURITIES


SECTION 6.1. General Provisions Regarding Securities.

(a) The Administrators shall on behalf of the Trust issue one series of 
capital securities, evidenced by a certificate substantially in the form of 
Exhibit A-1, representing undivided beneficial interests in the assets of 
the Trust and having such terms as are set forth in Annex I (the Capital 
Securities), and one series of common securities, evidenced by a 
certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2, representing 
undivided beneficial interests in the assets of the Trust and having such 
terms as are set forth in Annex I (the Common Securities). The Trust 
shall issue no securities or other interests in the assets of the Trust 
other than the Capital Securities and the Common Securities. The Capital 
Securities rank pari passu and payment thereon shall be made Pro Rata with 
the Common Securities except that, where an
 
-28-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the rights of Holders of 
the Common Securities to payment in respect of Distributions and payments 
upon liquidation, redemption and otherwise are subordinated to the rights 
to payment of the Holders of the Capital Securities.


(b) The Certificates shall be signed on behalf of the Trust by one or more 
Administrators. Such signature shall be the facsimile or manual signature 
of any Administrator. In case any Administrator of the Trust who shall have 
signed any of the Securities shall cease to be such Administrator before 
the Certificates so signed shall be delivered by the Trust, such 
Certificates nevertheless may be delivered as though the person who signed 
such Certificates had not ceased to be such Administrator. Any Certificate 
may be signed on behalf of the Trust by such person who, at the actual date 
of execution of such Security, shall be an Administrator of the Trust, 
although at the date of the execution and delivery of the Declaration any 
such person was not such an Administrator. A Capital Security shall not be 
valid until authenticated by the manual signature of an Authorized Officer 
of the Institutional Trustee. Such signature shall be conclusive evidence 
that the Capital Security has been authenticated under this Declaration. 
Upon written order of the Trust signed by one Administrator, the 
Institutional Trustee shall authenticate the Capital Securities for 
original issue. The Institutional Trustee may appoint an authenticating 
agent that is a U.S. Person acceptable to the Trust to authenticate the 
Capital Securities. A Common Security need not be so authenticated and 
shall be valid upon execution by one or more Administrators.


(c) The Capital Securities issued pursuant to Regulation S of the 
Securities Act or to QIBs shall be, except as provided in Section 6.4, 
Book-Entry Capital Securities issued in the form of one or more Global 
Capital Securities registered in the name of the Depositary, or its nominee 
and deposited with the Depositary or a custodian for the Depositary for 
credit by the Depositary to the respective accounts of the Depositary 
Participants thereof (or such other accounts as they may direct).


(d) The consideration received by the Trust for the issuance of the 
Securities shall constitute a contribution to the capital of the Trust and 
shall not constitute a loan to the Trust.


(e) Upon issuance of the Securities as provided in this Declaration, the 
Securities so issued shall be deemed to be validly issued, fully paid and 
non-assessable, and each Holder thereof shall be entitled to the benefits 
provided by this Declaration.


(f) Every Person, by virtue of having become a Holder in accordance with 
the terms of this Declaration, shall be deemed to have expressly assented 
and agreed to the terms of, and shall be bound by, this Declaration and the 
Guarantee.


SECTION 6.2. Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, Calculation Agent and Registrar
.

(a) The Trust shall maintain in New York, New York, an office or agency 
where the Securities may be presented for payment (the Paying Agent), and 
an office or agency where Securities may be presented for registration of 
transfer or exchange (the Transfer Agent). The Trustee hereby appoints 
the Institutional Trustee as Paying Agent and Transfer Agent at U.S. Bank 
National Association, 100 Wall Street, 19th Floor, New York, New York
 
-29-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10005, Attn: Corporate Trust Services  IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI. The 
Trust shall also keep or cause to be kept a register for the purpose of 
registering Securities and transfers and exchanges of Securities, such 
register to be held by a registrar (the Registrar). The Administrators 
may appoint the Paying Agent, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent, and may 
appoint one or more additional Paying Agents, one or more co-Registrars, or 
one or more co-Transfer Agents in such other locations as it shall 
determine. The term Paying Agent includes any additional Paying Agent, 
the term Registrar includes any additional Registrar or co-Registrar and 
the term Transfer Agent includes any additional Transfer Agent or 
co-Transfer Agent. The Administrators may change any Paying Agent, Transfer 
Agent or Registrar at any time without prior notice to any Holder. The 
Administrators shall notify the Institutional Trustee of the name and 
address of any Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar not a party to 
this Declaration. The Administrators hereby initially appoint the 
Institutional Trustee to act as Registrar for the Capital Securities and 
the Common Securities at its Corporate Trust Office. The Institutional 
Trustee or any of its Affiliates in the United States may act as Paying 
Agent, Transfer Agent or Registrar.


(b) The Trust shall also appoint a Calculation Agent, which shall determine 
the Coupon Rate in accordance with the terms of the Securities. The Trust 
initially appoints the Institutional Trustee as Calculation Agent.


SECTION 6.3. Form and Dating.

(a) The Capital Securities and the Institutional Trustees certificate of 
authentication thereon shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1, 
and the Common Securities shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit 
A-2, each of which is hereby incorporated in and expressly made a part of 
this Declaration. Certificates may be typed, printed, lithographed or 
engraved or may be produced in any other manner as is reasonably acceptable 
to the Administrators, as conclusively evidenced by their execution 
thereof. The Certificates may have letters, numbers, notations or other 
marks of identification or designation and such legends or endorsements 
required by law, stock exchange rule, agreements to which the Trust is 
subject, if any, or usage (provided, that any such notation, legend or 
endorsement is in a form acceptable to the Sponsor). The Trust at the 
direction of the Sponsor shall furnish any such legend not contained in 
Exhibit A-1 to the Institutional Trustee in writing. Each Capital Security 
shall be dated the date of its authentication. The terms and provisions of 
the Securities set forth in Annex I and the forms of Securities set forth 
in Exhibits A-1 and A-2 are part of the terms of this Declaration and to 
the extent applicable, the Institutional Trustee, the Administrators and 
the Sponsor, by their execution and delivery of this Declaration, expressly 
agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. Capital 
Securities will be issued only in blocks having a stated liquidation amount 
of not less than $100,000 and multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof.


(b) The Capital Securities sold by the Trust to the initial purchasers 
pursuant to the Placement Agreement and the Capital Securities Purchase 
Agreement shall be issued in book entry form, registered in the name of 
Cede & Co., as nominee on behalf of the Depository Trust Company, without 
coupons, and held by the Institutional Trustee as custodian for the 
Depository Trust Company.
 
-30-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 6.4. Book-Entry Capital Securities.

(a) A Global Capital Security may be exchanged, in whole or in part, for 
Definitive Capital Securities Certificates registered in the names of 
Owners only if such exchange complies with Article VIII and (i) the 
Depositary advises the Administrators and the Institutional Trustee in 
writing that the Depositary is no longer willing or able properly to 
discharge its responsibilities with respect to the Global Capital Security, 
and no qualified successor is appointed by the Administrators within ninety 
(90) days of receipt of such notice, (ii) the Depositary ceases to be a 
clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and the Administrators 
fail to appoint a qualified successor within ninety (90) days of obtaining 
knowledge of such event, (iii) the Administrators at their option advise 
the Institutional Trustee in writing that the Trust elects to terminate the 
book-entry system through the Depositary or (iv) an Indenture Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing. Upon the occurrence of any event 
specified in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above, the Administrators 
shall notify the Depositary and instruct the Depositary to notify all 
Owners of Book-Entry Capital Securities and the Institutional Trustee of 
the occurrence of such event and of the availability of Definitive Capital 
Securities Certificates to Owners of the Capital Securities requesting the 
same. Upon the issuance of Definitive Capital Securities Certificates, the 
Administrators and the Institutional Trustee shall recognize the Holders of 
the Definitive Capital Securities Certificates as Holders. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if an Owner of a beneficial interest in a Global Capital 
Security wishes at any time to transfer an interest in such Global Capital 
Security to a Person other than a QIB, such transfer shall be effected, 
subject to the Applicable Depository Procedures, in accordance with the 
provisions of this Section 6.4 and Article VIII, and the transferee shall 
receive a Definitive Capital Securities Certificate in connection with such 
transfer. A holder of a Definitive Capital Securities Certificate that is a 
QIB may upon request, and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 
6.4 and Article VIII, exchange such Definitive Capital Securities 
Certificate for a beneficial interest in a Global Capital Security.


(b) If any Global Capital Security is to be exchanged for Definitive 
Capital Securities Certificates or canceled in part, or if any Definitive 
Capital Securities Certificate is to be exchanged in whole or in part for 
any Global Capital Security, then either (i) such Global Capital Security 
shall be so surrendered for exchange or cancellation as provided in this 
Section 6.4 and Article VIII or (ii) the aggregate liquidation amount 
represented by such Global Capital Security shall be reduced, subject to 
Section 6.3, or increased by an amount equal to the liquidation amount 
represented by that portion of the Global Capital Security to be so 
exchanged or canceled, or equal to the liquidation amount represented by 
such Definitive Capital Securities Certificates to be so exchanged for any 
Global Capital Security, as the case may be, by means of an appropriate 
adjustment made on the records of the Securities Registrar, whereupon the 
Institutional Trustee, in accordance with the Applicable Depositary 
Procedures, shall instruct the Depositary or its authorized representative 
to make a corresponding adjustment to its records. Upon any such surrender 
to the Administrators or the Registrar of any Global Capital Security or 
Securities by the Depositary, accompanied by registration instructions, the 
Administrators, or any one of them, shall execute the Definitive Capital 
Securities Certificates in accordance with the instructions of the 
Depositary. None of the Registrar, Administrators, or the Institutional 
Trustee shall be liable for any delay in delivery of such instructions and 
may conclusively rely on, and shall be fully protected in relying on, such 
instructions.
 
-31-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Every Definitive Capital Securities Certificate executed and delivered 
upon registration or transfer of, or in exchange for or in lieu of, a 
Global Capital Security or any portion thereof shall be executed and 
delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Capital Security, unless 
such Definitive Capital Securities Certificate is registered in the name of 
a Person other than the Depositary for such Global Capital Security or a 
nominee thereof.


(d) The Depositary or its nominee, as registered owner of a Global Capital 
Security, shall be the Holder of such Global Capital Security for all 
purposes under this Declaration and the Global Capital Security, and Owners 
with respect to a Global Capital Security shall hold such interests 
pursuant to the Applicable Depositary Procedures. The Registrar, the 
Administrators and the Institutional Trustee shall be entitled to deal with 
the Depositary for all purposes of this Declaration relating to the Global 
Capital Securities (including the payment of the liquidation amount of and 
Distributions on the Book-Entry Capital Securities represented thereby and 
the giving of instructions or directions by Owners of Book-Entry Capital 
Securities represented thereby and the giving of notices) as the sole 
Holder of the Book-Entry Capital Securities represented thereby and shall 
have no obligations to the Owners thereof. None of the Administrators, the 
Institutional Trustee nor the Registrar shall have any liability in respect 
of any transfers effected by the Depositary.


(e) The rights of the Owners of the Book-Entry Capital Securities shall be 
exercised only through the Depositary and shall be limited to those 
established by law, the Applicable Depositary Procedures and agreements 
between such Owners and the Depositary and/or the Depositary Participants; 
provided, solely for the purpose of determining whether the Holders of the 
requisite amount of Capital Securities have voted on any matter provided 
for in this Declaration, to the extent that Capital Securities are 
represented by a Global Capital Security, the Administrators and the 
Institutional Trustee may conclusively rely on, and shall be fully 
protected in relying on, any written instrument (including a proxy) 
delivered to the Institutional Trustee by the Depositary setting forth the 
Owners votes or assigning the right to vote on any matter to any other 
Persons either in whole or in part. To the extent that Capital Securities 
are represented by a Global Capital Security, the initial Depositary will 
make book-entry transfers among the Depositary Participants and receive and 
transmit payments on the Capital Securities that are represented by a 
Global Capital Security to such Depositary Participants, and none of the 
Sponsor, the Administrators or the Institutional Trustee shall have any 
responsibility or obligation with respect thereto.


(f) To the extent that a notice or other communication to the Holders is 
required under this Declaration, for so long as Capital Securities are 
represented by a Global Capital Security, the Administrator and the 
Institutional Trustee shall give all such notices and communications to the 
Depositary, and shall have no obligations to the Owners.


SECTION 6.5. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Certificates. If: (a) any 
mutilated Certificates should be surrendered to the Registrar, or if the 
Registrar shall receive evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, 
loss or theft of any Certificate; and (b) there shall be delivered to the 
Registrar, the Administrators and the Institutional Trustee such security 
or indemnity as may be required by them to hold each of them harmless; 
then, in the absence of notice that such Certificate shall have been 
acquired by a bona fide purchaser, an Administrator on behalf of the Trust 
shall execute (and in the case of a Capital Security Certificate, the 
Institutional Trustee
 
-32-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
shall authenticate) and deliver, in exchange for or in lieu of any such 
mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Certificate, a new Certificate of like 
denomination. In connection with the issuance of any new Certificate under 
this Section 6.5, the Registrar or the Administrators may require the 
payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge 
that may be imposed in connection therewith. Any duplicate Certificate 
issued pursuant to this Section shall constitute conclusive evidence of an 
ownership interest in the relevant Securities, as if originally issued, 
whether or not the lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate shall be found at 
any time.


SECTION 6.6. Temporary Securities. Until definitive Securities are ready 
for delivery, the Administrators may prepare and, in the case of the 
Capital Securities, the Institutional Trustee shall authenticate, temporary 
Securities. Temporary Securities shall be substantially in form of 
definitive Securities but may have variations that the Administrators 
consider appropriate for temporary Securities. Without unreasonable delay, 
the Administrators shall prepare and, in the case of the Capital 
Securities, the Institutional Trustee shall authenticate definitive 
Securities in exchange for temporary Securities.


SECTION 6.7. Cancellation. The Administrators at any time may deliver 
Securities to the Registrar for cancellation. The Registrar shall forward 
to the Institutional Trustee any Securities surrendered to it for 
registration of transfer, redemption or payment. The Institutional Trustee 
shall promptly cancel all Securities surrendered for registration of 
transfer, payment, replacement or cancellation and shall dispose of such 
canceled Securities in accordance with its standard procedures or otherwise 
as the Administrators direct. The Administrators may not issue new 
Securities to replace Securities that have been paid or that have been 
delivered to the Institutional Trustee for cancellation.


SECTION 6.8. Rights of Holders; Waivers of Past Defaults.

(a) The legal title to the Trust Property is vested exclusively in the 
Institutional Trustee (in its capacity as such) in accordance with Section 
2.5, and the Holders shall not have any right or title therein other than 
the undivided beneficial interest in the assets of the Trust conferred by 
their Securities and they shall have no right to call for any partition or 
division of property, profits or rights of the Trust except as described 
below. The Securities shall be personal property giving only the rights 
specifically set forth therein and in this Declaration. The Securities 
shall have no, and the issuance of the Securities shall not be subject to, 
preemptive or other similar rights and when issued and delivered to Holders 
against payment of the purchase price therefor, the Securities will be 
fully paid and nonassessable by the Trust.


(b) For so long as any Capital Securities remain outstanding, if, upon an 
Indenture Event of Default under paragraphs (c), (e), (f) or (g) of Section 
5.01 of the Indenture, the Debenture Trustee fails or the holders of not 
less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Debentures fail to 
declare the principal of all of the Debentures to be immediately due and 
payable, the Holders of not less than a Majority in liquidation amount of 
the Capital Securities then outstanding shall have the right to make such 
declaration by a notice in writing to the Institutional Trustee, the 
Sponsor and the Debenture Trustee.


(c) Upon an Indenture Event of Default under paragraphs (c), (e), (f) or 
(g) of Section 5.01 of the Indenture at any time after a declaration of 
acceleration of maturity of the
 
-33-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Debentures has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the 
money due has been obtained by the Debenture Trustee as provided in the 
Indenture, if the Institutional Trustee, subject to the provisions hereof, 
fails to annul any such declaration and waive such default, the Holders of 
not less than a Majority in liquidation amount of the Capital Securities, 
by written notice to the Institutional Trustee, the Sponsor and the 
Debenture Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration and its 
consequences if:

(i) the Sponsor has paid or deposited with the Debenture Trustee a sum 
sufficient to pay

(A) all overdue installments of interest on all of the Debentures;

(B) any accrued Deferred Interest on all of the Debentures;

(C) all payments on any Debentures that have become due otherwise than by 
such declaration of acceleration and interest and Deferred Interest thereon 
at the rate borne by the Debentures; and

(D) all sums paid or advanced by the Debenture Trustee under the Indenture 
and the reasonable compensation, documented expenses, disbursements and 
advances of the Debenture Trustee and the Institutional Trustee, their 
agents and counsel; and

(ii) all Events of Default with respect to the Debentures, other than the 
non-payment of the principal of or premium, if any, on the Debentures that 
has become due solely by such acceleration, have been cured or waived as 
provided in Section 5.07 of the Indenture.


(d) The Holders of not less than a Majority in liquidation amount of the 
Capital Securities may, on behalf of the Holders of all the Capital 
Securities, waive any past default or Event of Default, except a default or 
Event of Default in the payment of principal or interest (unless such 
default or Event of Default has been cured and a sum sufficient to pay all 
matured installments of interest and principal due otherwise than by 
acceleration has been deposited with the Debenture Trustee) or a default or 
Event of Default in respect of a covenant or provision that under the 
Indenture cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holder 
of each outstanding Debenture. No such rescission shall affect any 
subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereon.


(e) Upon receipt by the Institutional Trustee of written notice declaring 
such an acceleration, or rescission and annulment thereof, by Holders of 
any part of the Capital Securities, a record date shall be established for 
determining Holders of outstanding Capital Securities entitled to join in 
such notice, which record date shall be at the close of business on the day 
the Institutional Trustee receives such notice. The Holders on such record 
date, or their duly designated proxies, and only such Persons, shall be 
entitled to join in such notice, whether or not such Holders remain Holders 
after such record date; provided, that, unless such declaration of 
acceleration, or rescission and annulment, as the case may be, shall have 
become effective by virtue of the requisite percentage having joined in 
such notice prior to the day that is 90 days after such record date, such 
notice of declaration of acceleration, or rescission and
 
-34-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
annulment, as the case may be, shall automatically and without further 
action by any Holder be canceled and of no further effect. Nothing in this 
paragraph shall prevent a Holder, or a proxy of a Holder, from giving, 
after expiration of such 90-day period, a new written notice of declaration 
of acceleration, or rescission and annulment thereof, as the case may be, 
that is identical to a written notice that has been canceled pursuant to 
the proviso to the preceding sentence, in which event a new record date 
shall be established pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6.8.


(f) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6.8, the Holders of not 
less than a Majority in liquidation amount of the Capital Securities may, 
on behalf of the Holders of all the Capital Securities, waive any past 
default or Event of Default and its consequences. Upon such waiver, any 
such default or Event of Default shall cease to exist, and any default or 
Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for 
every purpose of this Declaration, but no such waiver shall extend to any 
subsequent or other default or Event of Default or impair any right 
consequent thereon.



ARTICLE VII
DISSOLUTION AND TERMINATION OF TRUST


SECTION 7.1. Dissolution and Termination of Trust.

(a) The Trust shall dissolve on the first to occur of

(i) unless earlier dissolved, on December 15, 2042, the expiration of the 
term of the Trust;

(ii) a Bankruptcy Event with respect to the Sponsor, the Trust or the 
Debenture Issuer;

(iii) (other than in connection with a merger, consolidation or similar 
transaction not prohibited by the Indenture, this Declaration or the 
Guarantee, as the case may be) the filing of a certificate of dissolution 
or its equivalent with respect to the Sponsor or upon the revocation of the 
charter of the Sponsor and the expiration of 90 days after the date of 
revocation without a reinstatement thereof;

(iv) the distribution of all of the Debentures to the Holders of the 
Securities, upon exercise of the right of the Holders of all of the 
outstanding Common Securities to dissolve the Trust as provided in Annex I 
hereto;

(v) the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution of any Holder of the 
Common Securities, the Sponsor, the Trust or the Debenture Issuer;

(vi) when all of the Securities shall have been called for redemption and 
the amounts necessary for redemption thereof shall have been paid to the 
Holders in accordance with the terms of the Securities; or

(vii) before the issuance of any Securities, with the consent of all of the 
Trustees and the Sponsor.
 
-35-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) As soon as is practicable after the occurrence of an event referred to 
in Section 7.1(a), and after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors of 
the Trust as required by applicable law, and subject to the terms set forth 
in Annex I, the Institutional Trustee, when notified in writing of the 
completion of the winding up of the Trust in accordance with the Statutory 
Trust Act, shall terminate the Trust by filing, at the expense of the 
Sponsor, a certificate of cancellation with the Secretary of State of the 
State of Connecticut in accordance with Section 34-503 of the Statutory 
Trust Act.


(c) The provisions of Section 2.9 and Article IX shall survive the 
termination of the Trust.



ARTICLE VIII
TRANSFER OF INTERESTS


SECTION 8.1. General.

(a) Subject to Section 6.4 and Section 8.1(c), when Capital Securities are 
presented to the Registrar with a request to register a transfer or to 
exchange them for an equal number of Capital Securities represented by 
different Certificates, the Registrar shall register the transfer or make 
the exchange if the requirements provided for herein for such transactions 
are met. To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Trust 
shall issue and the Institutional Trustee shall authenticate Capital 
Securities at the Registrars request.


(b) Upon issuance of the Common Securities, the Sponsor shall acquire and 
retain beneficial and record ownership of the Common Securities and, for so 
long as the Securities remain outstanding, the Sponsor shall maintain 100% 
ownership of the Common Securities; provided, however, that any permitted 
successor of the Sponsor under the Indenture that is a U.S. Person may 
succeed to the Sponsors ownership of the Common Securities.


(c) Capital Securities may only be transferred, in whole or in part, in 
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Declaration and 
in the terms of the Capital Securities. To the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, any transfer or purported transfer of any Security not made 
in accordance with this Declaration shall be null and void and will be 
deemed to be of no legal effect whatsoever and any such transferee shall be 
deemed not to be the holder of such Capital Securities for any purpose, 
including but not limited to the receipt of Distributions on such Capital 
Securities, and such transferee shall be deemed to have no interest 
whatsoever in such Capital Securities.


(d) The Registrar shall provide for the registration of Securities and of 
transfers of Securities, which will be effected without charge but only 
upon payment (with such indemnity as the Registrar may require) in respect 
of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to 
it. Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Securities, the 
Registrar shall cause one or more new Securities to be issued in the name 
of the designated transferee or transferees. Any Security issued upon any 
registration of transfer or exchange pursuant to the terms of this 
Declaration shall evidence the same Security and shall be entitled to the 
same benefits under this Declaration as the Security surrendered upon such 
registration of transfer or exchange. Every Security surrendered for 
registration of transfer shall be
 
-36-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the 
Registrar duly executed by the Holder or such Holders attorney duly 
authorized in writing. Each Security surrendered for registration of 
transfer shall be canceled by the Institutional Trustee pursuant to Section 
6.7. A transferee of a Security shall be entitled to the rights and subject 
to the obligations of a Holder hereunder upon the receipt by such 
transferee of a Security. By acceptance of a Security, each transferee 
shall be deemed to have agreed to be bound by this Declaration.


(e) Neither the Trust nor the Registrar shall be required (i) to issue, 
register the transfer of, or exchange any Securities during a period 
beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of any 
selection of Securities for redemption and ending at the close of business 
on the earliest date on which the relevant notice of redemption is deemed 
to have been given to all Holders of the Securities to be redeemed, or (ii) 
to register the transfer or exchange of any Security so selected for 
redemption in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any 
Security being redeemed in part.


SECTION 8.2. Transfer Procedures and Restrictions.

(a) The Capital Securities shall bear the Restricted Securities Legend (as 
defined below), which shall not be removed unless there is delivered to the 
Trust such satisfactory evidence, which may include an opinion of counsel 
reasonably acceptable to the Administrators and the Institutional Trustee, 
as may be reasonably required by the Trust or the Institutional Trustee, 
that neither the legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein 
are required to ensure that transfers thereof comply with the provisions of 
the Securities Act or that such Securities are not restricted within the 
meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Upon provision of such 
satisfactory evidence, the Institutional Trustee, at the written direction 
of the Administrators, shall authenticate and deliver Capital Securities 
that do not bear the Restricted Securities Legend (other than the legend 
contemplated by Section 8.2(d)).


(b) When Capital Securities are presented to the Registrar (x) to register 
the transfer of such Capital Securities, or (y) to exchange such Capital 
Securities for an equal number of Capital Securities represented by 
different Certificates, the Registrar shall register the transfer or make 
the exchange as requested if its reasonable requirements for such 
transaction are met; provided, however, that the Capital Securities 
surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be duly endorsed 
or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrators, the Institutional Trustee and the 
Registrar, duly executed by the Holder thereof or his attorney duly 
authorized in writing.


(c) Except as permitted by Section 8.2(a), each Capital Security shall bear 
a legend (the Restricted Securities Legend) in substantially the 
following form:


THIS CAPITAL SECURITY IS A GLOBAL CAPITAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
THE DECLARATION HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF 
THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (DTC) OR A NOMINEE OF DTC. THIS CAPITAL 
SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR CAPITAL SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A 
PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES 
DESCRIBED IN THE
 
-37-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
DECLARATION, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS CAPITAL SECURITY (OTHER THAN A 
TRANSFER OF THIS CAPITAL SECURITY AS A WHOLE BY DTC TO A NOMINEE OF DTC OR 
BY A NOMINEE OF DTC TO DTC OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF DTC) MAY BE REGISTERED 
EXCEPT IN LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES.


UNLESS THIS CAPITAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE 
OF DTC TO IBERIABANK STATUTORY TRUST VI OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CAPITAL SECURITY ISSUED IS 
REGISTERED AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY 
PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN 
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF 
FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE 
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.


THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR 
PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, 
PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH 
REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. THE HOLDER OF THIS 
SECURITY BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF AGREES TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER SUCH SECURITY ONLY (A) TO THE DEBENTURE ISSUER OR THE TRUST, (B) 
PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144A), TO A PERSON 
THE HOLDER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AS 
DEFINED IN RULE 144A THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE 
TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (C) TO A NON U.S. PERSON 
IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT, (D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SUBPARAGRAPH (a) (1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF RULE 501 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
THAT IS ACQUIRING THE SECURITY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF 
SUCH AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR, FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT WITH A VIEW 
TO, OR FOR OFFER OR SALE IN CONNECTION WITH, ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION 
OF THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE 
DEBENTURE ISSUERS AND THE TRUSTS RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR 
TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSES (D) OR (E) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN 
OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO 
EACH OF THEM IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF 
TRUST, A COPY OF WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DEBENTURE ISSUER OR THE 
TRUST. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF AGREES THAT IT 
WILL COMPLY WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.
 
-38-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF AGREES, REPRESENTS AND 
WARRANTS THAT IT WILL NOT ENGAGE IN HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THIS 
SECURITY UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTIONS ARE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT 
OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM.


THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF ALSO AGREES, 
REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT IT IS NOT AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT, INDIVIDUAL 
RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), 
(EACH A PLAN), OR AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS 
BY REASON OF ANY PLANS INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY AND NO PERSON INVESTING 
PLAN ASSETS OF ANY PLAN MAY ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST 
THEREIN, UNLESS SUCH PURCHASER OR HOLDER IS ELIGIBLE FOR THE EXEMPTIVE 
RELIEF AVAILABLE UNDER U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR PROHIBITED TRANSACTION 
CLASS EXEMPTION 96-23, 95-60, 91-38, 90-1 OR 84-14 OR ANOTHER APPLICABLE 
EXEMPTION OR ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THIS SECURITY IS NOT PROHIBITED BY 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE WITH RESPECT TO SUCH 
PURCHASE OR HOLDING. ANY PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED BY ITS PURCHASE AND 
HOLDING THEREOF THAT EITHER (i) IT IS NOT AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA, OR A PLAN TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE IS APPLICABLE, A TRUSTEE OR OTHER PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF OF AN 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY USING THE 
ASSETS OF ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN TO FINANCE SUCH PURCHASE, OR 
(ii) SUCH PURCHASE WILL NOT RESULT IN A PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE FOR WHICH THERE IS NO 
APPLICABLE STATUTORY OR ADMINISTRATIVE EXEMPTION.


IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER OF THE CERTIFICATE WILL DELIVER 
TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION 
AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY THE AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST TO 
CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.


THIS SECURITY WILL BE ISSUED AND MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN BLOCKS HAVING A 
LIQUIDATION AMOUNT OF NOT LESS THAN $100,000 AND MULTIPLES OF $1,000 IN 
EXCESS THEREOF. ANY ATTEMPTED TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN A BLOCK HAVING A 
LIQUIDATION AMOUNT OF LESS THAN $100,000 SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE VOID AND OF 
NO LEGAL EFFECT WHATSOEVER. ANY SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE SHALL BE DEEMED 
NOT TO BE THE HOLDER OF
 
-39-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THIS SECURITY FOR ANY PURPOSE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE RECEIPT 
OF DISTRIBUTIONS ON THIS SECURITY, AND SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE SHALL BE 
DEEMED TO HAVE NO INTEREST WHATSOEVER IN THIS SECURITY.


(d) Capital Securities may only be transferred in minimum blocks of 
$100,000 aggregate liquidation amount (100 Capital Securities) and 
multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. Any attempted transfer of Capital 
Securities in a block having an aggregate liquidation amount of less than 
$100,000 shall be deemed to be void and of no legal effect whatsoever. Any 
such purported transferee shall be deemed not to be a Holder of such 
Capital Securities for any purpose, including, but not limited to, the 
receipt of Distributions on such Capital Securities, and such purported 
transferee shall be deemed to have no interest whatsoever in such Capital 
Securities.


(e) Each party hereto understands and hereby agrees that the initial 
purchaser is intended solely to be an interim holder of the Capital 
Securities and is purchasing such securities to facilitate consummation of 
the transactions contemplated herein and in the documents ancillary hereto. 
Notwithstanding any provision in this Declaration to the contrary, the 
initial purchaser shall have the right upon notice (a Transfer Notice) to 
the Institutional Trustee and the Sponsor to transfer title in and to the 
Capital Securities; provided the initial purchaser shall take reasonable 
steps to ensure that such transfer is exempt from registration under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and rules promulgated thereunder. Any 
Transfer Notice delivered to the Institutional Trustee and Sponsor pursuant 
to the preceding sentence shall indicate the aggregate liquidation amount 
of Capital Securities being transferred, the name and address of the 
transferee thereof (the Transferee) and the date of such transfer. 
Notwithstanding any provision in this Declaration to the contrary, the 
transfer by the initial purchaser of title in and to the Capital Securities 
pursuant to a Transfer Notice shall not be subject to any requirement 
relating to Opinions of Counsel, Certificates of Transfer or any other 
Opinion or Certificate applicable to transfers hereunder and relating to 
Capital Securities.


(f) Neither the Institutional Trustee nor the Registrar shall be 
responsible for ascertaining whether any transfer hereunder complies with 
the registration provisions of or any exemptions from the Securities Act, 
applicable state securities laws or the applicable laws of any other 
jurisdiction, ERISA, the Code or the Investment Company Act.


SECTION 8.3. Deemed Security Holders.

The Trust, the Administrators, the Trustees, the Paying Agent, the Transfer 
Agent or the Registrar may treat the Person in whose name any Certificate 
shall be registered on the books and records of the Trust as the sole 
holder of such Certificate and of the Securities represented by such 
Certificate for purposes of receiving Distributions and for all other 
purposes whatsoever and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any 
equitable or other claim to or interest in such Certificate or in the 
Securities represented by such Certificate on the part of any Person, 
whether or not the Trust, the Administrators, the Trustees, the Paying 
Agent, the Transfer Agent or the Registrar shall have actual or other 
notice thereof.
 
-40-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE IX
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF HOLDERS
OF SECURITIES, TRUSTEES OR OTHERS


SECTION 9.1. Liability.

(a) Except as expressly set forth in this Declaration, the Guarantee and 
the terms of the Securities, the Sponsor shall not be:

(i) personally liable for the return of any portion of the capital 
contributions (or any return thereon) of the Holders of the Securities 
which shall be made solely from assets of the Trust; and

(ii) required to pay to the Trust or to any Holder of the Securities any 
deficit upon dissolution of the Trust or otherwise.


(b) The Holder of the Common Securities shall be liable for all of the 
debts and obligations of the Trust (other than with respect to the 
Securities) to the extent not satisfied out of the Trusts assets.


(c) Except to the extent provided in Section 9.1(b), and pursuant to § 
34-523(a) of the Statutory Trust Act, the Holders of the Securities shall 
be entitled to the same limitation of personal liability extended to 
stockholders of private corporations for profit organized under the 
Connecticut Business Corporation Act, Chapter 601 of the Connecticut 
General Statutes, Section 33-600 et seq., except as otherwise specifically 
set forth herein.


SECTION 9.2. Exculpation.

(a) No Indemnified Person shall be liable, responsible or accountable in 
damages or otherwise to the Trust or any Covered Person for any loss, 
damage or claim incurred by reason of any act or omission performed or 
omitted by such Indemnified Person in good faith on behalf of the Trust and 
in a manner such Indemnified Person reasonably believed to be within the 
scope of the authority conferred on such Indemnified Person by this 
Declaration or by law, except that an Indemnified Person (other than an 
Administrator) shall be liable for any such loss, damage or claim incurred 
by reason of such Indemnified Persons negligence or willful misconduct or 
bad faith with respect to such acts or omissions and except that an 
Administrator shall be liable for any such loss, damage or claim incurred 
by reason of such Administrators gross negligence or willful misconduct or 
bad faith with respect to such acts or omissions.


(b) An Indemnified Person shall be fully protected in relying in good faith 
upon the records of the Trust and upon such information, opinions, reports 
or statements presented to the Trust by any Person as to matters the 
Indemnified Person reasonably believes are within such other Persons 
professional or expert competence and, if selected by such Indemnified 
Person, has been selected by such Indemnified Person with reasonable care 
by or on behalf of the Trust, including information, opinions, reports or 
statements as to the value and amount of the assets, liabilities, profits, 
losses or any other facts pertinent to the existence and amount of assets 
from which Distributions to Holders of Securities might properly be paid.
 
-41-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that 
insofar as any document, agreement or certificate is executed on behalf of 
the Trust by any Trustee (i) such document, agreement or certificate is 
executed and delivered by such Trustee, not in its individual capacity, but 
solely as Trustee under this Declaration in the exercise of the powers and 
authority conferred and vested in it, (ii) each of the representations, 
undertakings and agreements made on the part of the Trust is made and 
intended not as representations, warranties, covenants, undertakings and 
agreements by any Trustee in its individual capacity, but is made and 
intended for the purpose of binding only the Trust and (iii) under no 
circumstances shall any Trustee in its individual capacity be personally 
liable for the payment of any indebtedness or expenses of the Trust or be 
liable for the breach or failure of any obligation, representation, 
warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Trust under this Declaration 
or any other document, agreement or certificate.


SECTION 9.3. Fiduciary Duty.

(a) To the extent that, at law or in equity, an Indemnified Person has 
duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the 
Trust or to any other Covered Person, an Indemnified Person acting under 
this Declaration shall not be liable to the Trust or to any other Covered 
Person for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Declaration. 
The provisions of this Declaration, to the extent that they restrict the 
duties and liabilities of an Indemnified Person otherwise existing at law 
or in equity (other than the duties imposed on the Institutional Trustee 
under the Trust Indenture Act), are agreed by the parties hereto to replace 
such other duties and liabilities of the Indemnified Person.


(b) Whenever in this Declaration an Indemnified Person is permitted or 
required to make a decision:

(i) in its discretion or under a grant of similar authority, the 
Indemnified Person shall be entitled to consider such interests and factors 
as it desires, including its own interests, and shall have no duty or 
obligation to give any consideration to any interest of or factors 
affecting the Trust or any other Person; or

(ii) in its good faith or under another express standard, the Indemnified 
Person shall act under such express standard and shall not be subject to 
any other or different standard imposed by this Declaration or by 
applicable law.


SECTION 9.4. Indemnification.

(a) (i) The Sponsor shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by 
law, any Indemnified Person who was or is a party or is threatened to be 
made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or 
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other 
than an action by or in the right of the Trust) by reason of the fact that 
such Person is or was an Indemnified Person against expenses (including 
attorneys fees and expenses), judgments, fines and amounts paid in 
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such Person
 
-42-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if such Person acted in 
good faith and in a manner such Person reasonably believed to be in or not 
opposed to the best interests of the Trust, and, with respect to any 
criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such 
conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by 
judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere 
or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the 
Indemnified Person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such 
Person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of 
the Trust, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had 
reasonable cause to believe that such conduct was unlawful.

(ii) The Sponsor shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
any Indemnified Person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a 
party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the 
right of the Trust to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact 
that such Person is or was an Indemnified Person against expenses 
(including attorneys fees and expenses) actually and reasonably incurred 
by such Person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action 
or suit if such Person acted in good faith and in a manner such Person 
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the 
Trust and except that no such indemnification shall be made in respect of 
any claim, issue or matter as to which such Indemnified Person shall have 
been adjudged to be liable to the Trust, unless and only to the extent that 
the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon 
application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all 
the circumstances of the case, such Person is fairly and reasonably 
entitled to indemnity for such expenses which such Court of Chancery or 
such other court shall deem proper.

(iii) To the extent that an Indemnified Person shall be successful on the 
merits or otherwise (including dismissal of an action without prejudice or 
the settlement of an action without admission of liability) in defense of 
any action, suit or proceeding referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii) of 
this Section 9.4(a), or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, 
such Person shall be indemnified, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
against expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses) actually and 
reasonably incurred by such Person in connection therewith.

(iv) Any indemnification of an Administrator under paragraphs (i) and (ii) 
of this Section 9.4(a) (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the 
Sponsor only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that 
indemnification of the Indemnified Person is proper in the circumstances 
because such Person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in 
paragraphs (i) and (ii). Such determination shall be made (A) by the 
Administrators by a majority vote of a Quorum consisting of such 
Administrators who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, (B) 
if such a Quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable, if a Quorum of 
disinterested Administrators so directs, by independent legal counsel in a 
written opinion, or (C) by the Common Security Holder of the Trust.
 
-43-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(v) To the fullest extent permitted by law, expenses (including attorneys 
fees and expenses) incurred by an Indemnified Person in defending a civil, 
criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding 
referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this Section 9.4(a) shall be paid 
by the Sponsor in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or 
proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such 
Indemnified Person to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be 
determined that such Person is not entitled to be indemnified by the 
Sponsor as authorized in this Section 9.4(a). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, no advance shall be made by the Sponsor if a determination is 
reasonably and promptly made (1) in the case of a Company Indemnified 
Person (A) by the Administrators by a majority vote of a Quorum of 
disinterested Administrators, (B) if such a Quorum is not obtainable, or, 
even if obtainable, if a Quorum of disinterested Administrators so directs, 
by independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (C) by the Common 
Security Holder of the Trust, that, based upon the facts known to the 
Administrators, counsel or the Common Security Holder at the time such 
determination is made, such Indemnified Person acted in bad faith or in a 
manner that such Person either believed to be opposed to or did not believe 
to be in the best interests of the Trust, or, with respect to any criminal 
proceeding, that such Indemnified Person believed or had reasonable cause 
to believe such conduct was unlawful, or (2) in the case of a Fiduciary 
Indemnified Person, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion that, 
based upon the facts known to the counsel at the time such determination is 
made, such Indemnified Person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such 
Indemnified Person either believed to be opposed to or did not believe to 
be in the best interests of the Trust, or, with respect to any criminal 
proceeding, that such Indemnified Person believed or had reasonable cause 
to believe such conduct was unlawful. In no event shall any advance be made 
(i) to a Company Indemnified Person in instances where the Administrators, 
independent legal counsel or the Common Security Holder reasonably 
determine that such Person deliberately breached such Persons duty to the 
Trust or its Common or Capital Security Holders or (ii) to a Fiduciary 
Indemnified Person in instances where independent legal counsel promptly 
and reasonably determines in a written opinion that such Person 
deliberately breached such Persons duty to the Trust or its Common or 
Capital Security Holders.


(b) The Sponsor shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, each Indemnified Person from and against any and all loss, 
damage, liability, tax (other than taxes based on the income of such 
Indemnified Person), penalty, expense or claim of any kind or nature 
whatsoever incurred by such Indemnified Person arising out of or in 
connection with or by reason of the creation, administration or termination 
of the Trust, or any act or omission of such Indemnified Person in good 
faith on behalf of the Trust and in a manner such Indemnified Person 
reasonably believed to be within the scope of authority conferred on such 
Indemnified Person by this Declaration, except that no Indemnified Person 
shall be entitled to be indemnified in respect of any loss, damage, 
liability, tax, penalty, expense or claim incurred by such Indemnified 
Person by reason of negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith with 
respect to such acts or omissions.
 
-44-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted 
pursuant to, the other paragraphs of this Section 9.4 shall not be deemed 
exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification and 
advancement of expenses may be entitled under any agreement, vote of 
stockholders or disinterested directors of the Sponsor or Capital Security 
Holders of the Trust or otherwise, both as to action in such Persons 
official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such 
office. All rights to indemnification under this Section 9.4 shall be 
deemed to be provided by a contract between the Sponsor and each 
Indemnified Person who serves in such capacity at any time while this 
Section 9.4 is in effect. Any repeal or modification of this Section 9.4 
shall not affect any rights or obligations then existing.


(d) The Sponsor or the Trust may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf 
of any Person who is or was an Indemnified Person against any liability 
asserted against such Person and incurred by such Person in any such 
capacity, or arising out of such Persons status as such, whether or not 
the Sponsor would have the power to indemnify such Person against such 
liability under the provisions of this Section 9.4.


(e) For purposes of this Section 9.4, references to the Trust shall 
include, in addition to the resulting or surviving entity, any constituent 
entity (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a 
consolidation or merger, so that any Person who is or was a director, 
trustee, officer or employee of such constituent entity, or is or was 
serving at the request of such constituent entity as a director, trustee, 
officer, employee or agent of another entity, shall stand in the same 
position under the provisions of this Section 9.4 with respect to the 
resulting or surviving entity as such Person would have with respect to 
such constituent entity if its separate existence had continued.


(f) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted 
pursuant to, this Section 9.4 shall, unless otherwise provided when 
authorized or ratified, continue as to a Person who has ceased to be an 
Indemnified Person and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors 
and administrators of such a Person.


(g) The provisions of this Section 9.4 shall survive the termination of 
this Declaration or the earlier resignation or removal of the Institutional 
Trustee. The obligations of the Sponsor under this Section 9.4 to 
compensate and indemnify the Trustees and to pay or reimburse the Trustees 
for expenses, disbursements and advances shall constitute additional 
indebtedness hereunder. Such additional indebtedness shall be secured by a 
lien prior to that of the Securities upon all property and funds held or 
collected by the Trustees as such, except funds held in trust for the 
benefit of the holders of particular Capital Securities, provided, that the 
Sponsor is the holder of the Common Securities.


SECTION 9.5. Outside Businesses. Any Covered Person, the Sponsor and the 
Institutional Trustee (subject to Section 4.3(c)) may engage in or possess 
an interest in other business ventures of any nature or description, 
independently or with others, similar or dissimilar to the business of the 
Trust, and the Trust and the Holders of Securities shall have no rights by 
virtue of this Declaration in and to such independent ventures or the 
income or profits derived therefrom, and the pursuit of any such venture, 
even if competitive with the business of the Trust, shall not be deemed 
wrongful or improper. None of any Covered Person, the Sponsor or
 
-45-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Institutional Trustee shall be obligated to present any particular 
investment or other opportunity to the Trust even if such opportunity is of 
a character that, if presented to the Trust, could be taken by the Trust, 
and any Covered Person, the Sponsor and the Institutional Trustee shall 
have the right to take for its own account (individually or as a partner or 
fiduciary) or to recommend to others any such particular investment or 
other opportunity. Any Covered Person and the Institutional Trustee may 
engage or be interested in any financial or other transaction with the 
Sponsor or any Affiliate of the Sponsor, or may act as depositary for, 
trustee or agent for, or act on any committee or body of holders of, 
securities or other obligations of the Sponsor or its Affiliates.


SECTION 9.6. Compensation; Fee.

(a) Subject to the provisions set forth in the Fee Agreement between the 
Institutional Trustee, Cohen & Company and the Company of even date 
herewith, the Sponsor agrees:

(i) to pay to the Trustees from time to time such compensation for all 
services rendered by them hereunder as the parties shall agree in writing 
from time to time (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision 
of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust); and

(ii) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to reimburse the 
Trustees upon request for all reasonable, documented expenses, 
disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Trustees in accordance 
with any provision of this Declaration (including the reasonable 
compensation and the expenses and disbursements of their respective agents 
and counsel), except any such expense, disbursement or advance attributable 
to their negligence or willful misconduct.


(b) The provisions of this Section 9.6 shall survive the dissolution of the 
Trust and the termination of this Declaration and the removal or 
resignation of any Trustee.



ARTICLE X
ACCOUNTING


SECTION 10.1. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year (the Fiscal Year) of the Trust 
shall be the calendar year, or such other year as is required by the Code.


SECTION 10.2. Certain Accounting Matters.

(a) At all times during the existence of the Trust, the Administrators 
shall keep, or cause to be kept at the principal office of the Trust in the 
United States, as defined for purposes of Treasury Regulations § 
301.7701-7, full books of account, records and supporting documents, which 
shall reflect in reasonable detail each transaction of the Trust. The books 
of account shall be maintained on the accrual method of accounting, in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently 
applied.


(b) The Administrators shall either (i) cause each Form 10-K and Form 10-Q 
prepared by the Sponsor and filed with the Commission in accordance with 
the Exchange Act to
 
-46-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
be delivered directly to each Holder of Securities, within 90 days after 
the filing of each Form 10-K and within 30 days after the filing of each 
Form 10-Q or (ii) cause to be prepared at the principal office of the Trust 
in the United States, as defined for purposes of Treasury Regulations § 
301.7701-7, and delivered directly to each of the Holders of Securities, 
within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Trust, annual 
financial statements of the Trust, including a balance sheet of the Trust 
as of the end of such Fiscal Year, and the related statements of income or 
loss.


(c) The Administrators shall cause to be duly prepared and delivered to 
each of the Holders of Securities Form 1099 or such other annual United 
States federal income tax information statement required by the Code, 
containing such information with regard to the Securities held by each 
Holder as is required by the Code and the Treasury Regulations. 
Notwithstanding any right under the Code to deliver any such statement at a 
later date, the Administrators shall endeavor to deliver all such 
statements within 30 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Trust.


(d) The Administrators shall cause to be duly prepared in the United 
States, as defined for purposes of Treasury Regulations § 301.7701-7, and 
filed an annual United States federal income tax return on a Form 1041 or 
such other form required by United States federal income tax law, and any 
other annual income tax returns required to be filed by the Administrators 
on behalf of the Trust with any state or local taxing authority.


(e) The Administrators will cause the Sponsors regulatory reports to be 
delivered to the Holder promptly following their filing with the Federal 
Reserve.


SECTION 10.3. Banking. The Trust shall maintain one or more bank accounts 
in the United States, as defined for purposes of Treasury Regulations § 
301.7701-7, in the name and for the sole benefit of the Trust; provided, 
however, that all payments of funds in respect of the Debentures held by 
the Institutional Trustee shall be made directly to the Property Account 
and no other funds of the Trust shall be deposited in the Property Account. 
The sole signatories for such accounts (including the Property Account) 
shall be designated by the Institutional Trustee.


SECTION 10.4. Withholding. The Institutional Trustee or any Paying Agent 
and the Administrators shall comply with all withholding requirements under 
United States federal, state and local law. As a condition to the payment 
of any principal of or interest on any Debt Security without the imposition 
of withholding tax, the Institutional Trustee or any Paying Agent shall 
require the previous delivery of properly completed and signed applicable 
U.S. federal income tax certifications (generally, an Internal Revenue 
Service Form W-9 (or applicable successor form) in the case of a person 
that is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) 
of the Code or an Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 (or applicable 
successor form) in the case of a person that is not a United States 
person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) and any 
other certification acceptable to it to enable the Institutional Trustee or 
any Paying Agent and the Trustee to determine their respective duties and 
liabilities with respect to any taxes or other charges that they may be 
required to pay, deduct or withhold in respect of such Debt Security or the 
holder of such Debt Security under any present or future law or regulation 
of the United States or any political subdivision thereof or taxing 
authority therein or to comply with any reporting or other requirements 
under any such law or regulation. The Administrators shall file required 
forms with applicable jurisdictions and, unless an exemption
 
-47-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
from withholding is properly established by a Holder, shall remit amounts 
withheld with respect to the Holder to applicable jurisdictions. To the 
extent that the Institutional Trustee or any Paying Agent is required to 
withhold and pay over any amounts to any authority with respect to 
distributions or allocations to any Holder, the amount withheld shall be 
deemed to be a Distribution to the Holder in the amount of the withholding. 
In the event of any claimed overwithholding, Holders shall be limited to an 
action against the applicable jurisdiction. If the amount required to be 
withheld was not withheld from actual Distributions made, the Institutional 
Trustee or any Paying Agent may reduce subsequent Distributions by the 
amount of such withholding.



ARTICLE XI
AMENDMENTS AND MEETINGS


SECTION 11.1. Amendments.

(a) Except as otherwise provided in this Declaration or by any applicable 
terms of the Securities, this Declaration may only be amended by a written 
instrument approved and executed by:

(i) the Institutional Trustee,

(ii) if the amendment affects the rights, powers, duties, obligations or 
immunities of the Administrators, the Administrators, and

(iii) the Holders of a Majority in liquidation amount of the Common 
Securities.


(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article XI, no amendment 
shall be made, and any such purported amendment shall be void and 
ineffective:

(i) unless the Institutional Trustee shall have first received

(A) an Officers Certificate from each of the Trust and the Sponsor that 
such amendment is permitted by, and conforms to, the terms of this 
Declaration (including the terms of the Securities); and

(B) an opinion of counsel (who may be counsel to the Sponsor or the Trust) 
that such amendment is permitted by, and conforms to, the terms of this 
Declaration (including the terms of the Securities) and that all conditions 
precedent to the execution and delivery of such amendment have been 
satisfied; or

(ii) if the result of such amendment would be to

(A) cause the Trust to cease to be classified for purposes of United States 
federal income taxation as a grantor trust;
 
-48-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(B) reduce or otherwise adversely affect the powers of the Institutional 
Trustee in contravention of the Trust Indenture Act;

(C) cause the Trust to be deemed to be an Investment Company required to be 
registered under the Investment Company Act; or

(D) cause the Debenture Issuer to be unable to treat an amount equal to the 
Liquidation Amount of the Capital Securities as Tier 1 Capital for 
purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines of (x) the Federal Reserve (or, 
if the Debenture Issuer is not a bank holding company, such guidelines or 
policies applied to the Debenture Issuer as if the Debenture Issuer were 
subject to such guidelines of policies) or of (y) any other regulatory 
authority having jurisdiction over the Debenture Issuer.


(c) Except as provided in Section 11.1(d), (e) or (g), no amendment shall 
be made, and any such purported amendment shall be void and ineffective, 
unless the Holders of a Majority in liquidation amount of the Capital 
Securities shall have consented to such amendment.


(d) In addition to and notwithstanding any other provision in this 
Declaration, without the consent of each affected Holder, this Declaration 
may not be amended to (i) change the amount or timing of any Distribution 
on the Securities or any redemption or liquidation provisions applicable to 
the Securities or otherwise adversely affect the amount of any Distribution 
required to be made in respect of the Securities as of a specified date or 
(ii) restrict the right of a Holder to institute suit for the enforcement 
of any such payment on or after such date.


(e) Sections 9.1(b) and 9.1(c) and this Section 11.1 shall not be amended 
without the consent of all of the Holders of the Securities.


(f) The rights of the Holders of the Capital Securities and Common 
Securities, as applicable, under Article IV to increase or decrease the 
number of, and appoint and remove, Trustees shall not be amended without 
the consent of the Holders of a Majority in liquidation amount of the 
Capital Securities or Common Securities, as applicable.


(g) Subject to Section 11.1(a), this Declaration may be amended by the 
Institutional Trustee and the Holder of a Majority in liquidation amount of 
the Common Securities without the consent of the Holders of the Capital 
Securities to:

(i) cure any ambiguity;

(ii) correct or supplement any provision in this Declaration that may be 
defective or inconsistent with any other provision of this Declaration;

(iii) add to the covenants, restrictions or obligations of the Sponsor; or

(iv) modify, eliminate or add to any provision of this Declaration to such 
extent as may be necessary or desirable, including, without limitation, to
 
-49-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ensure that the Trust will be classified for United States federal income 
tax purposes at all times as a grantor trust and will not be required to 
register as an Investment Company under the Investment Company Act 
(including without limitation to conform to any change in Rule 3a-5, Rule 
3a-7 or any other applicable rule under the Investment Company Act or 
written change in interpretation or application thereof by any legislative 
body, court, government agency or regulatory authority) which amendment 
does not have a material adverse effect on the right, preferences or 
privileges of the Holders of Securities;


provided, however, that no such modification, elimination or addition 
referred to in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) shall adversely affect the 
powers, preferences or rights of Holders of Capital Securities.


SECTION 11.2. Meetings of the Holders of the Securities; Action by Written 
Consent.

(a) Meetings of the Holders of any class of Securities may be called at any 
time by the Administrators (or as provided in the terms of the Securities) 
to consider and act on any matter on which Holders of such class of 
Securities are entitled to act under the terms of this Declaration, the 
terms of the Securities or the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Capital Securities are listed or admitted for trading, if any. The 
Administrators shall call a meeting of the Holders of such class if 
directed to do so by the Holders of not less than 10% in liquidation amount 
of such class of Securities. Such direction shall be given by delivering to 
the Administrators one or more notices in a writing stating that the 
signing Holders of the Securities wish to call a meeting and indicating the 
general or specific purpose for which the meeting is to be called. Any 
Holders of the Securities calling a meeting shall specify in writing the 
Certificates held by the Holders of the Securities exercising the right to 
call a meeting and only those Securities represented by such Certificates 
shall be counted for purposes of determining whether the required 
percentage set forth in the second sentence of this paragraph has been met.


(b) Except to the extent otherwise provided in the terms of the Securities, 
the following provisions shall apply to meetings of Holders of the 
Securities:

(i) notice of any such meeting shall be given to all the Holders of the 
Securities having a right to vote thereat at least 7 days and not more than 
60 days before the date of such meeting. Whenever a vote, consent or 
approval of the Holders of the Securities is permitted or required under 
this Declaration or the rules of any stock exchange on which the Capital 
Securities are listed or admitted for trading, if any, such vote, consent 
or approval may be given at a meeting of the Holders of the Securities. Any 
action that may be taken at a meeting of the Holders of the Securities may 
be taken without a meeting if a consent in writing setting forth the action 
so taken is signed by the Holders of the Securities owning not less than 
the minimum amount of Securities that would be necessary to authorize or 
take such action at a meeting at which all Holders of the Securities having 
a right to vote thereon were present and voting. Prompt notice of the 
taking of action without a meeting shall be given to the Holders of the 
Securities entitled to vote who have not consented in writing. The 
Administrators may specify that any written ballot submitted to the Holders 
of the Securities for the purpose of taking any action without a meeting 
shall be returned to the Trust within the time specified by the 
Administrators;
 
-50-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) each Holder of a Security may authorize any Person to act for it by 
proxy on all matters in which a Holder of Securities is entitled to 
participate, including waiving notice of any meeting, or voting or 
participating at a meeting. No proxy shall be valid after the expiration of 
11 months from the date thereof unless otherwise provided in the proxy. 
Every proxy shall be revocable at the pleasure of the Holder of the 
Securities executing it. Except as otherwise provided herein, all matters 
relating to the giving, voting or validity of proxies shall be governed by 
the General Corporation Law of the State of Connecticut relating to 
proxies, and judicial interpretations thereunder, as if the Trust were a 
Connecticut corporation and the Holders of the Securities were stockholders 
of a Connecticut corporation; each meeting of the Holders of the Securities 
shall be conducted by the Administrators or by such other Person that the 
Administrators may designate; and

(iii) unless the Statutory Trust Act, this Declaration, the terms of the 
Securities, the Trust Indenture Act or the listing rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Capital Securities are then listed for trading, if 
any, otherwise provides, the Administrators, in their sole discretion, 
shall establish all other provisions relating to meetings of Holders of 
Securities, including notice of the time, place or purpose of any meeting 
at which any matter is to be voted on by any Holders of the Securities, 
waiver of any such notice, action by consent without a meeting, the 
establishment of a record date, quorum requirements, voting in person or by 
proxy or any other matter with respect to the exercise of any such right to 
vote; provided, however, that each meeting shall be conducted in the United 
States (as that term is defined in Treasury Regulations § 301.7701-7).



ARTICLE XII
REPRESENTATIONS OF INSTITUTIONAL TRUSTEE


SECTION 12.1. Representations and Warranties of Institutional Trustee. The 
Trustee that acts as initial Institutional Trustee represents and warrants 
to the Trust and to the Sponsor at the date of this Declaration, and each 
Successor Institutional Trustee represents and warrants to the Trust and 
the Sponsor at the time of the Successor Institutional Trustees acceptance 
of its appointment as Institutional Trustee, that:

(a) the Institutional Trustee is a banking corporation or national 
association with trust powers, duly organized, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of the State of New York or the United States of 
America, respectively, with trust power and authority to execute and 
deliver, and to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms of, 
this Declaration;


(b) the Institutional Trustee has a combined capital and surplus of at 
least fifty million U.S. dollars ($50,000,000);
 
-51-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) the Institutional Trustee is not an affiliate of the Sponsor, nor does 
the Institutional Trustee offer or provide credit or credit enhancement to 
the Trust;


(d) the execution, delivery and performance by the Institutional Trustee of 
this Declaration has been duly authorized by all necessary action on the 
part of the Institutional Trustee. This Declaration has been duly executed 
and delivered by the Institutional Trustee, and under Connecticut law 
(excluding any securities laws) constitutes a legal, valid and binding 
obligation of the Institutional Trustee, enforceable against it in 
accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, 
reorganization, moratorium, insolvency and other similar laws affecting 
creditors rights generally and to general principles of equity and the 
discretion of the court (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding 
in equity or at law);


(e) the execution, delivery and performance of this Declaration by the 
Institutional Trustee does not conflict with or constitute a breach of the 
charter or by-laws of the Institutional Trustee; and


(f) no consent, approval or authorization of, or registration with or 
notice to, any state or federal banking authority governing the trust 
powers of the Institutional Trustee is required for the execution, delivery 
or performance by the Institutional Trustee of this Declaration.



ARTICLE XIII
MISCELLANEOUS


SECTION 13.1. Notices. All notices provided for in this Declaration shall 
be in writing, duly signed by the party giving such notice, and shall be 
delivered, telecopied (which telecopy shall be followed by notice delivered 
or mailed by first class mail) or mailed by first class mail, as follows:

(a) if given to the Trust, in care of the Administrators at the Trusts 
mailing address set forth below (or such other address as the Trust may 
give notice of to the Holders of the Securities):

IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI
c/o IBERIABANK Corporation
200 West Congress Street
Lafayette, Louisiana 70501
Attention: Joseph B. Zanco
Telecopy: (337) 521-4546
Telephone: (337) 521-4028


(b) if given to the Institutional Trustee, at the Institutional Trustees 
mailing address set forth below (or such other address as the Institutional 
Trustee may give notice of to the Holders of the Securities):

U.S. Bank National Association
225 Asylum Street, 23rd Floor
Hartford, CT 06103
Attention: Corporate Trust Services
IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI
 
-52-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
With a copy to:

U.S. Bank National Association
One Federal Street, 3rd Floor
Boston, MA 02110
Telecopy: (617) 603-6683
Telephone: (617) 603-6549


(c) if given to the Holder of the Common Securities, at the mailing address 
of the Sponsor set forth below (or such other address as the Holder of the 
Common Securities may give notice of to the Trust):

IBERIABANK Corporation
200 West Congress Street
Lafayette, Louisiana 70501
Attention: Joseph B. Zanco
Telecopy: (337) 521-4546
Telephone: (337) 521-4028


(d) if given to any other Holder, at the address set forth on the books and 
records of the Trust.


All such notices shall be deemed to have been given when received in 
person, telecopied with receipt confirmed, or mailed by first class mail, 
postage prepaid, except that if a notice or other document is refused 
delivery or cannot be delivered because of a changed address of which no 
notice was given, such notice or other document shall be deemed to have 
been delivered on the date of such refusal or inability to deliver.


SECTION 13.2. Governing Law. This Declaration and the rights and 
obligations of the parties hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted 
in accordance with the law of the State of Connecticut and all rights, 
obligations and remedies shall be governed by such laws without regard to 
the principles of conflict of laws of the State of Connecticut or any other 
jurisdiction that would call for the application of the law of any 
jurisdiction other than the State of Connecticut.


SECTION 13.3. Submission to Jurisdiction.

(a) Each of the parties hereto agrees that any suit, action or proceeding 
arising out of or based upon this Declaration, or the transactions 
contemplated hereby, may be instituted in any of the courts of the State of 
New York located in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, 
and any competent court in the place of its corporate domicile in respect 
of
 
-53-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
actions brought against it as a defendant. In addition, each such party 
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection 
which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of such suit, 
action or proceeding brought in any such court and irrevocably waives any 
claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court 
has been brought in an inconvenient forum and irrevocably waives any right 
to which it may be entitled on account of its place of corporate domicile. 
Each such party hereby irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by 
jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Declaration 
or the transactions contemplated hereby. Each such party agrees that final 
judgment in any proceedings brought in such a court shall be conclusive and 
binding upon it and may be enforced in any court to the jurisdiction of 
which it is subject by a suit upon such judgment.


(b) Each of the Sponsor, the Trustees, the Administrators and the Holder of 
the Common Securities irrevocably consents to the service of process on it 
in any such suit, action or proceeding by the mailing thereof by registered 
or certified mail, postage prepaid, to it at its address given in or 
pursuant to Section 13.1 hereof.


(c) To the extent permitted by law, nothing herein contained shall preclude 
any party from effecting service of process in any lawful manner or from 
bringing any suit, action or proceeding in respect of this Declaration in 
any other state, country or place.


SECTION 13.4. Intention of the Parties. It is the intention of the parties 
hereto that the Trust be classified for United States federal income tax 
purposes as a grantor trust. The provisions of this Declaration shall be 
interpreted to further this intention of the parties.


SECTION 13.5. Headings. Headings contained in this Declaration are inserted 
for convenience of reference only and do not affect the interpretation of 
this Declaration or any provision hereof.


SECTION 13.6. Successors and Assigns. Whenever in this Declaration any of 
the parties hereto is named or referred to, the successors and assigns of 
such party shall be deemed to be included, and all covenants and agreements 
in this Declaration by the Sponsor and the Trustees shall bind and inure to 
the benefit of their respective successors and assigns, whether or not so 
expressed.


SECTION 13.7. Partial Enforceability. If any provision of this Declaration, 
or the application of such provision to any Person or circumstance, shall 
be held invalid, the remainder of this Declaration, or the application of 
such provision to persons or circumstances other than those to which it is 
held invalid, shall not be affected thereby.


SECTION 13.8. Counterparts. This Declaration may contain more than one 
counterpart of the signature page and this Declaration may be executed by 
the affixing of the signature of each of the Trustees and Administrators to 
any of such counterpart signature pages. All of such counterpart signature 
pages shall be read as though one, and they shall have the same force and 
effect as though all of the signers had signed a single signature page.
 
-54-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Declaration to be duly 
executed as of the day and year first above written.
 
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Institutional Trustee
By: 	  	

 
Name: 	  	

 
Title: 	  	

 
IBERIABANK CORPORATION,
as Sponsor
By: 	  	

 
Name: 	  	

 
Title: 	  	

 

 
Name: Joseph B. Zanco
Administrator

 
Name: Anthony J. Restel
Administrator

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX I


TERMS OF
CAPITAL SECURITIES AND
COMMON SECURITIES


Pursuant to Section 6.1 of the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, 
dated as of November 9, 2007 (as amended from time to time, the 
Declaration), the designation, rights, privileges, restrictions, 
preferences and other terms and provisions of the Capital Securities and 
the Common Securities are set out below (each capitalized term used but not 
defined herein has the meaning set forth in the Declaration):

1. Designation and Number.

(a) Capital Securities. 12,000 Capital Securities of IBERIABANK Statutory 
Trust VI (the Trust), with an aggregate stated liquidation amount with 
respect to the assets of the Trust of Twelve Million Dollars ($12,000,000) 
and a stated liquidation amount with respect to the assets of the Trust of 
$1,000 per Capital Security, are hereby designated for the purposes of 
identification only as the TP Securities (the Capital Securities). The 
Capital Security Certificates evidencing the Capital Securities shall be 
substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 to the Declaration, with such 
changes and additions thereto or deletions therefrom as may be required by 
ordinary usage, custom or practice or to conform to the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Capital Securities are listed, if any.


(b) Common Securities. 372 Common Securities of the Trust (the Common 
Securities) will be evidenced by Common Security Certificates 
substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 to the Declaration, with such 
changes and additions thereto or deletions therefrom as may be required by 
ordinary usage, custom or practice. The Common Securities will have an 
aggregate stated liquidation amount with respect to the assets of the Trust 
of Three Hundred Seventy Two Thousand Dollars ($372,000) and a stated 
liquidation amount with respect to the assets of the Trust of $1,000 per 
Common Security.


2. Distributions.

(a) Distributions payable on each Security will be payable at a variable 
per annum rate of interest, reset quarterly, equal to LIBOR, as determined 
on the LIBOR Determination Date for such Distribution Payment Period, plus 
2.75% (the Coupon Rate) of the stated liquidation amount of $1,000 per 
Security (provided, however, that the Coupon Rate for any Distribution 
Payment Period may not exceed the highest rate permitted by New York law, 
as the same may be modified by United States law of general applicability), 
such Coupon Rate being the rate of interest payable on the Debentures to be 
held by the Institutional Trustee. Except as set forth below in respect of 
an Extension Period, Distributions in arrears for more than one quarterly 
period will bear interest thereon compounded quarterly at the applicable 
Coupon Rate for each such quarterly period (to the extent permitted by 
applicable law). The term Distributions as used herein includes cash 
distributions, any such compounded distributions and any Additional 
Interest payable on the Debentures unless otherwise stated. A Distribution 
is payable only to the extent that payments are made in respect of the 
Debentures held by the
 
A-I-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Institutional Trustee and to the extent the Institutional Trustee has funds 
legally available in the Property Account therefor. The amount of 
Distributions payable for any Distribution Payment Period will be computed 
for any full quarterly Distribution Payment Period on the basis of a 
360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in the relevant 
Distribution period; provided, however, that upon the occurrence of a 
Special Event redemption pursuant to paragraph 4(a) below the amounts 
payable pursuant to this Declaration shall be calculated as set forth in 
the definition of Special Redemption Price.


(b) LIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following provisions:

(1) On the second LIBOR Business Day (provided, that on such day commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign currency 
deposits) in London (a LIBOR Banking Day), and otherwise the next 
preceding LIBOR Business Day that is also a LIBOR Banking Day) prior to 
March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 (or, with respect to the 
first Distribution Payment Period, on November 7, 2007), (each such day, a 
LIBOR Determination Date) for such Distribution Payment Period), the 
Calculation Agent shall obtain the rate for three-month U.S. Dollar 
deposits in Europe, which appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 Page (as 
defined in the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 2000 
Interest Rate and Currency Exchange Definitions) or such other page as may 
replace such page, as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such LIBOR 
Determination Date, as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets Commodities 
News or any successor service (Reuters Screen), and the rate so obtained 
shall be LIBOR for such Distribution Payment Period. LIBOR Business Day 
means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which 
commercial banking institutions in The City of New York or Boston, 
Massachusetts are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to be 
closed. If such rate is superseded on Reuters Screen by a corrected rate 
before 12:00 noon (London time) on the same LIBOR Determination Date, the 
corrected rate as so substituted will be the applicable LIBOR for that 
Distribution Payment Period.

(2) If, on any LIBOR Determination Date, such rate does not appear on 
Reuters Screen, the Calculation Agent shall determine the arithmetic mean 
of the offered quotations of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to 
leading banks in the London Interbank market for three-month U.S. Dollar 
deposits in Europe (in an amount determined by the Calculation Agent) by 
reference to requests for quotations as of approximately 11:00 a.m. (London 
time) on the LIBOR Determination Date made by the Calculation Agent to the 
Reference Banks. If, on any LIBOR Determination Date, at least two of the 
Reference Banks provide such quotations, LIBOR shall equal the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations. If, on any LIBOR Determination Date, only one or 
none of the Reference Banks provide such a quotation, LIBOR shall be deemed 
to be the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations that at least two 
leading banks in the City of New York (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) are quoting on the relevant LIBOR Determination Date for three-month 
U.S. Dollar deposits in Europe at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) 
(in an amount determined by the Calculation Agent). As used herein, 
Reference Banks means four major banks in the London Interbank market 
selected by the Calculation Agent.
 
A-I-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(3) If the Calculation Agent is required but is unable to determine a rate 
in accordance with at least one of the procedures provided above, LIBOR for 
the applicable Distribution Payment Period shall be LIBOR in effect for the 
immediately preceding Distribution Payment Period.


(c) All percentages resulting from any calculations on the Securities will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with five one-millionths of a percentage point rounded 
upward (e.g., 9.876545% (or .09876545) being rounded to 9.87655% (or 
.0987655)), and all dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculation will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one-half cent being 
rounded upward).


(d) As soon as practicable following each LIBOR Determination Date, but in 
no event later than the 30th day following such LIBOR Determination Date, 
the Calculation Agent shall notify, in writing, the Sponsor and the Paying 
Agent of the applicable Coupon Rate in effect for the related Distribution 
Payment Period. The Calculation Agent shall, upon the request of the Holder 
of any Securities, provide the Coupon Rate then in effect. All calculations 
made by the Calculation Agent in the absence of manifest error shall be 
conclusive for all purposes and binding on the Sponsor and the Holders of 
the Securities. Any error in a calculation of the Coupon Rate by the 
Calculation Agent may be corrected at any time by the delivery of notice of 
such corrected Coupon Rate as provided above. The Paying Agent shall be 
entitled to rely on information received from the Calculation Agent or the 
Sponsor as to the Coupon Rate. The Sponsor shall, from time to time, 
provide any necessary information to the Paying Agent relating to any 
original issue discount and interest on the Securities that is included in 
any payment and reportable for taxable income calculation purposes. Failure 
to notify the Sponsor or the Paying Agent of the applicable Coupon Rate 
shall not affect the obligation of the Sponsor to make payment on the 
Debentures at such Coupon Rate.


(e) Distributions on the Securities will be cumulative, will accrue from 
the date of original issuance, and will be payable, subject to extension of 
Distribution payment periods as described herein, quarterly in arrears on 
March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing 
December 15, 2007 (each, a Distribution Payment Date). Subject to prior 
submission of Notice (as defined in the Indenture), and so long as no Event 
of Default pursuant to paragraphs (c), (e), (f) or (g) of Section 5.01 of 
the Indenture has occurred and is continuing, the Debenture Issuer has the 
right under the Indenture to defer payments of interest on the Debentures 
by extending the interest distribution period for up to 20 consecutive 
quarterly periods (each, an Extension Period) at any time and from time 
to time on the Debentures, subject to the conditions described below, 
during which Extension Period no interest shall be due and payable (except 
any Additional Interest that may be due and payable). During any Extension 
Period, interest will continue to accrue on the Debentures, and interest on 
such accrued interest (such accrued interest and interest thereon referred 
to herein as Deferred Interest) will accrue at an annual rate equal to 
the Coupon Rate in effect for each such Extension Period, compounded 
quarterly from the date such Deferred Interest would have been payable were 
it not for the Extension Period, to the extent permitted by law. No 
Extension Period may end on a date other than a Distribution Payment Date. 
At the end of any such Extension Period, the Debenture
 
A-I-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Issuer shall pay all Deferred Interest then accrued and unpaid on the 
Debentures; provided, however, that no Extension Period may extend beyond 
the Maturity Date, Redemption Date (to the extent redeemed) or Special 
Redemption Date; and provided, further, that, during any such Extension 
Period, the Debenture Issuer may not (i) declare or pay any dividends or 
distributions on, or redeem, purchase, acquire, or make a liquidation 
payment with respect to, any of the Debenture Issuers capital stock or 
(ii) make any payment of principal or premium or interest on or repay, 
repurchase or redeem any debt securities of the Debenture Issuer that rank 
pari passu in all respects with or junior in interest to the Debentures or 
(iii) make any payment under any guarantees of the Debenture Issuer that 
rank in all respects pari passu with or junior in interest to the Guarantee 
(other than (a) repurchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of shares of 
capital stock of the Debenture Issuer (A) in connection with any employment 
contract, benefit plan or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit 
of one or more employees, officers, directors or consultants, (B) in 
connection with a dividend reinvestment or stockholder stock purchase plan 
or (C) in connection with the issuance of capital stock of the Debenture 
Issuer (or securities convertible into or exercisable for such capital 
stock), as consideration in an acquisition transaction entered into prior 
to the applicable Extension Period, (b) as a result of any exchange, 
reclassification, combination or conversion of any class or series of the 
Debenture Issuers capital stock (or any capital stock of a subsidiary of 
the Debenture Issuer) for any class or series of the Debenture Issuers 
capital stock or of any class or series of the Debenture Issuers 
indebtedness for any class or series of the Debenture Issuers capital 
stock, (c) the purchase of fractional interests in shares of the Debenture 
Issuers capital stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of 
such capital stock or the security being converted or exchanged, (d) any 
declaration of a dividend in connection with any stockholders rights plan, 
or the issuance of rights, stock or other property under any stockholders 
rights plan, or the redemption or repurchase of rights pursuant thereto, or 
(e) any dividend in the form of stock, warrants, options or other rights 
where the dividend stock or the stock issuable upon exercise of such 
warrants, options or other rights is the same stock as that on which the 
dividend is being paid or ranks pari passu with or junior to such stock. 
Prior to the termination of any Extension Period, the Debenture Issuer may 
further extend such period; provided, that such period together with all 
such previous and further consecutive extensions thereof shall not exceed 
20 consecutive quarterly periods, or extend beyond the Maturity Date, 
Redemption Date (to the extent redeemed) or Special Redemption Date. Upon 
the termination of any Extension Period and upon the payment of all 
Deferred Interest, the Debenture Issuer may commence a new Extension 
Period, subject to the foregoing requirements. No interest or Deferred 
Interest shall be due and payable during an Extension Period, except at the 
end thereof, but Deferred Interest shall accrue upon each installment of 
interest that would otherwise have been due and payable during such 
Extension Period until such installment is paid. If Distributions are 
deferred, the Distributions due shall be paid on the date that the related 
Extension Period terminates to Holders of the Securities as they appear on 
the books and records of the Trust on the record date immediately preceding 
such date. Distributions on the Securities must be paid on the dates 
payable (after giving effect to any Extension Period) to the extent that 
the Trust has funds legally available for the payment of such distributions 
in the Property Account of the Trust. The Trusts funds available for 
Distribution to the Holders of the Securities will be limited to payments 
received from the Debenture Issuer. The payment of Distributions out of 
moneys held by the Trust is guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Guarantee.
 
A-I-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) Distributions on the Securities will be payable to the Holders thereof 
as they appear on the books and records of the Registrar on the relevant 
record dates. The relevant record dates shall be 15 days before the 
relevant Distribution Payment Date. Distributions payable on any Securities 
that are not punctually paid on any Distribution Payment Date, as a result 
of the Debenture Issuer having failed to make a payment under the 
Debentures, as the case may be, when due (taking into account any Extension 
Period), will cease to be payable to the Person in whose name such 
Securities are registered on the relevant record date, and such defaulted 
Distribution will instead be payable to the Person in whose name such 
Securities are registered on the special record date or other specified 
date determined in accordance with the Indenture. Notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary contained herein, if any Distribution Payment Date, other 
than on the Maturity Date, any Redemption Date or the Special Redemption 
Date, falls on a day that is not a Business Day, then any Distributions 
payable will be paid on, and such Distribution Payment Date will be moved 
to, the next succeeding Business Day, and additional Distributions will 
accrue for each day that such payment is delayed as a result thereof. If 
the Maturity Date, Redemption Date or Special Redemption Date falls on a 
day that is not a Business Day, then the principal, premium, if any, and/or 
interest payable on such date will be paid on the next succeeding Business 
Day, and no additional interest will accrue (except that, if such Business 
Day falls in the next calendar year, such payment will be made on the 
immediately preceding Business Day).


(g) In the event that there is any money or other property held by or for 
the Trust that is not accounted for hereunder, such property shall be 
distributed pro rata (as defined herein) among the Holders of the 
Securities.


3. Liquidation Distribution Upon Dissolution. In the event of the voluntary 
or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or termination of the 
Trust (each, a Liquidation) other than in connection with a redemption of 
the Debentures, the Holders of the Securities will be entitled to receive 
out of the assets of the Trust available for distribution to Holders of the 
Securities, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors of the Trust (to 
the extent not satisfied by the Debenture Issuer), distributions equal to 
the aggregate of the stated liquidation amount of $1,000 per Security plus 
accrued and unpaid Distributions thereon to the date of payment (such 
amount being the Liquidation Distribution), unless in connection with 
such Liquidation, the Debentures in an aggregate stated principal amount 
equal to the aggregate stated liquidation amount of such Securities, with 
an interest rate equal to the Coupon Rate of, and bearing accrued and 
unpaid interest in an amount equal to the accrued and unpaid Distributions 
on, and having the same record date as, such Securities, after paying or 
making reasonable provision to pay all claims and obligations of the Trust 
shall be distributed on a Pro Rata basis to the Holders of the Securities 
in exchange for such Securities.


The Sponsor, as the Holder of all of the Common Securities, has the right 
at any time to, upon receipt of an opinion of nationally recognized tax 
counsel that Holders will not recognize any gain or loss for United States 
federal income tax purposes as a result of the distribution Debentures, 
dissolve the Trust (including without limitation upon the occurrence of a 
Tax Event, an Investment Company Event or a Capital Treatment Event), 
subject to the receipt by the Debenture Issuer of prior approval from any 
regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Sponsor that is primarily 
responsible for regulating the activities of the Sponsor if such approval 
is then required under applicable capital guidelines or policies of such 
regulatory authority, and,
 
A-I-5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors of the Trust, cause the 
Debentures to be distributed to the Holders of the Securities on a Pro Rata 
basis in accordance with the aggregate stated liquidation amount thereof.


The Trust shall dissolve on the first to occur of (i) December 15, 2042, 
the expiration of the term of the Trust, (ii) a Bankruptcy Event with 
respect to the Sponsor, the Trust or the Debenture Issuer, (iii) (other 
than in connection with a merger, consolidation or similar transaction not 
prohibited by the Indenture, this Declaration or the Guarantee, as the case 
may be) the filing of a certificate of dissolution or its equivalent with 
respect to the Sponsor or upon the revocation of the charter of the Sponsor 
and the expiration of 90 days after the date of revocation without a 
reinstatement thereof, (iv) the distribution to the Holders of the 
Securities of the Debentures, upon exercise of the right of the Holder of 
all of the outstanding Common Securities to dissolve the Trust as described 
above, (v) the entry of a decree of a judicial dissolution of the Sponsor 
or the Trust, or (vi) when all of the Securities shall have been called for 
redemption and the amounts necessary for redemption thereof shall have been 
paid to the Holders in accordance with the terms of the Securities. As soon 
as practicable after the dissolution of the Trust and upon completion of 
the winding up of the Trust, the Trust shall terminate upon the filing of a 
certificate of cancellation with the Secretary of State of the State of 
Connecticut.


If a Liquidation of the Trust occurs as described in clause (i), (ii), 
(iii) or (v) in the immediately preceding paragraph, the Trust shall be 
liquidated by the Institutional Trustee of the Trust as expeditiously as 
such Trustee determines to be possible by distributing, after satisfaction 
of liabilities to creditors of the Trust as provided by applicable law, to 
the Holders of the Securities, the Debentures on a Pro Rata basis to the 
extent not satisfied by the Debenture Issuer, unless such distribution is 
determined by the Institutional Trustee not to be practical, in which event 
such Holders will be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Trust 
available for distribution to the Holders, after satisfaction of 
liabilities to creditors of the Trust to the extent not satisfied by the 
Debenture Issuer, an amount equal to the Liquidation Distribution. An early 
Liquidation of the Trust pursuant to clause (iv) of the immediately 
preceding paragraph shall occur if the Institutional Trustee determines 
that such Liquidation is possible by distributing, after satisfaction of 
liabilities to creditors of the Trust, to the Holders of the Securities on 
a Pro Rata basis, the Debentures, and such distribution occurs.


If, upon any such Liquidation, the Liquidation Distribution can be paid 
only in part because the Trust has insufficient assets available to pay in 
full the aggregate Liquidation Distribution, then the amounts payable 
directly by the Trust on such Capital Securities shall be paid to the 
Holders of the Securities on a Pro Rata basis, except that if an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing, the Capital Securities shall have a 
preference over the Common Securities with regard to such distributions.


Upon any such Liquidation of the Trust involving a distribution of the 
Debentures, if at the time of such Liquidation, the Capital Securities were 
rated by at least one nationally-recognized statistical rating 
organization, the Debenture Issuer will use its reasonable best efforts to 
obtain from at least one such or other rating organization a rating for the 
Debentures.
 
A-I-6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
After the date for any distribution of the Debentures upon dissolution of 
the Trust, (i) the Securities of the Trust will be deemed to be no longer 
outstanding, (ii) any certificates representing the Capital Securities will 
be deemed to represent undivided beneficial interests in such of the 
Debentures as have an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate 
stated liquidation amount of, with an interest rate identical to the 
distribution rate of, and bearing accrued and unpaid interest equal to 
accrued and unpaid distributions on, the Securities until such certificates 
are presented to the Debenture Issuer or its agent for transfer or 
reissuance (and until such certificates are so surrendered, no payments of 
interest or principal shall be made to Holders of Securities in respect of 
any payments due and payable under the Debentures) and (iii) all rights of 
Holders of Securities under the Capital Securities or the Common 
Securities, as applicable, shall cease, except the right of such Holders to 
receive Debentures upon surrender of certificates representing such 
Securities.


4. Redemption and Distribution.

(a) The Debentures will mature on December 15, 2037. The Debentures may be 
redeemed by the Debenture Issuer, in whole or in part, on any March 15, 
June 15, September 15 or December 15 on or after December 15, 2012 at the 
Redemption Price, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days notice to 
Holders of such Debentures. In addition, upon the occurrence and 
continuation of a Tax Event, an Investment Company Event or a Capital 
Treatment Event, the Debentures may be redeemed by the Debenture Issuer in 
whole or in part, at any time within 90 days following the occurrence of 
such Tax Event, Investment Company Event or Capital Treatment Event, as the 
case may be (the Special Redemption Date), at the Special Redemption 
Price, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days notice to Holders of 
the Debentures so long as such Tax Event, Investment Company Event or 
Capital Treatment Event, as the case may be, is continuing. In each case, 
the right of the Debenture Issuer to redeem the Debentures is subject to 
the Debenture Issuer having received prior approval from any regulatory 
authority having jurisdiction over the Debenture Issuer, if such approval 
is then required under applicable capital guidelines or policies of such 
regulatory authority.


Tax Event means the receipt by the Debenture Issuer and the Trust of an 
opinion of counsel experienced in such matters to the effect that, as a 
result of any amendment to or change (including any announced prospective 
change) in the laws or any regulations thereunder of the United States or 
any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, or as a 
result of any official administrative pronouncement (including any private 
letter ruling, technical advice memorandum, regulatory procedure, notice or 
announcement) (an Administrative Action) or judicial decision 
interpreting or applying such laws or regulations, regardless of whether 
such Administrative Action or judicial decision is issued to or in 
connection with a proceeding involving the Debenture Issuer or the Trust 
and whether or not subject to review or appeal, which amendment, 
clarification, change, Administrative Action or decision is enacted, 
promulgated or announced, in each case on or after the date of original 
issuance of the Debentures, there is more than an insubstantial risk that: 
(i) the Trust is, or will be within 90 days of the date of such opinion, 
subject to United States federal income tax with respect to income received 
or accrued on the Debentures; (ii) if the Debenture Issuer is organized and 
existing under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the 
District of Columbia, interest payable by the Debenture Issuer on the 
Debentures is not, or within 90 days of the date of such opinion, will not 
be, deductible by the Debenture Issuer, in whole or in part, for United 
States
 
A-I-7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
federal income tax purposes; or (iii) the Trust is, or will be within 90 
days of the date of such opinion, subject to more than a de minimis amount 
of other taxes (including withholding taxes), duties, assessments or other 
governmental charges.


Investment Company Event means the receipt by the Debenture Issuer and 
the Trust of an opinion of counsel experienced in such matters to the 
effect that, as a result of a change in law or regulation or written change 
in interpretation or application of law or regulation by any legislative 
body, court, governmental agency or regulatory authority, there is more 
than an insubstantial risk that the Trust is or, within 90 days of the date 
of such opinion will be, considered an investment company that is 
required to be registered under the Investment Company Act, which change or 
prospective change becomes effective or would become effective, as the case 
may be, on or after the date of the original issuance of the Debentures.


Capital Treatment Event means, if the Debenture Issuer is organized and 
existing under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the 
District of Columbia, the receipt by the Debenture Issuer and the Trust of 
an Opinion of Counsel experienced in such matters to the effect that, as a 
result of (a) any amendment to, or change in, the laws, rules or 
regulations of the United States or any political subdivision thereof or 
therein, or any rules, guidelines or policies of any applicable regulatory 
authority for the Debenture Issuer or (b) any official or administrative 
pronouncement or action or decision interpreting or applying such laws, 
rules or regulations, which amendment or change is effective or which 
pronouncement, action or decision is announced on or after the date of 
original issuance of the Debentures, there is more than an insubstantial 
risk that, within 90 days of the receipt of such opinion, the aggregate 
Liquidation Amount of the Capital Securities will not be eligible to be 
treated by the Debenture Issuer as Tier 1 Capital (or the then equivalent 
thereof) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines of the Federal 
Reserve (or any successor regulatory authority with jurisdiction over bank 
or financial holding companies), as then in effect and applicable to the 
Debenture Issuer (or if the Debenture Issuer is not a bank holding company, 
such guidelines applied to the Debenture Issuer as if the Debenture Issuer 
were subject to such guidelines); provided, however, that the inability of 
the Debenture Issuer to treat all or any portion of the aggregate 
Liquidation Amount of the Capital Securities as Tier 1 Capital shall not 
constitute the basis for a Capital Treatment Event, if such inability 
results from the Debenture Issuer having cumulative preferred stock, 
minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries, or any other class of 
security or interest which the Federal Reserve or OTS, as applicable, may 
now or hereafter accord Tier 1 Capital treatment in excess of the amount 
which may now or hereafter qualify for treatment as Tier 1 Capital under 
applicable capital adequacy guidelines; provided further, however, that the 
distribution of the Debentures in connection with the liquidation of the 
Trust by the Debenture Issuer shall not in and of itself constitute a 
Capital Treatment Event unless such liquidation shall have occurred in 
connection with a Tax Event or an Investment Company Event.


Special Event means any of a Capital Treatment Event, a Tax Event or an 
Investment Company Event.
 
A-I-8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Special Redemption Price means, with respect to the redemption of any 
Debentures following a Special Event, an amount in cash equal to 103.525% 
of the principal amount of Debentures to be redeemed prior to December 15, 
2008 and thereafter equal to the percentage of the principal amount of the 
Debentures that is specified below for the Special Redemption Date plus, in 
each case, unpaid interest accrued thereon to the Special Redemption Date:
 
Special Redemption During the 12-Month Period Beginning December 15
   	Percentage of Principal Amount 	 

 2008

   	103.140 	%

 2009

   	102.355 	%

 2010

   	101.570 	%

 2011

   	100.785 	%

 2012 and thereafter

   	100.000 	%


Redemption Date means the date fixed for the redemption of Capital 
Securities, which shall be any March 15, June 15, September 15 or December 
15 on or after December 15, 2012.


Redemption Price means 100% of the principal amount of the Debentures 
being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on such Debentures to the 
Redemption Date.


(b) Upon the repayment in full at maturity or redemption in whole or in 
part of the Debentures (other than following the distribution of the 
Debentures to the Holders of the Securities), the proceeds from such 
repayment or payment shall concurrently be applied to redeem Pro Rata at 
the applicable Redemption Price, Securities having an aggregate liquidation 
amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Debentures so repaid 
or redeemed; provided, however, that holders of such Securities shall be 
given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days notice of such redemption 
(other than at the scheduled maturity of the Debentures).


(c) If fewer than all the outstanding Securities are to be so redeemed, the 
Common Securities and the Capital Securities will be redeemed Pro Rata and 
the Capital Securities to be redeemed will be as described in Section 
4(e)(ii) below.


(d) The Trust may not redeem fewer than all the outstanding Capital 
Securities unless all accrued and unpaid Distributions have been paid on 
all Capital Securities for all quarterly Distribution periods terminating 
on or before the date of redemption.


(e) Redemption or Distribution Procedures.

(i) Notice of any redemption of, or notice of distribution of the 
Debentures in exchange for, the Securities (a Redemption/Distribution 
Notice) will be given by the Trust by mail to each Holder of Securities to 
be redeemed or exchanged not fewer than 30 nor more than 60 days before the 
date fixed for redemption or exchange thereof which, in the case of a 
redemption, will be the date fixed for redemption of the Debentures. For 
purposes of the calculation of the date of redemption or exchange and the 
dates on which notices are given pursuant to this Section 4(e)(i), a 
Redemption/Distribution Notice shall be deemed to be given on the day such 
notice is first mailed by first-class mail, postage prepaid, to Holders of 
such Securities. Each Redemption/Distribution Notice shall be addressed to 
the Holders of such Securities at the address of each such Holder
 
A-I-9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
appearing on the books and records of the Registrar. No defect in the 
Redemption/Distribution Notice or in the mailing thereof with respect to 
any Holder shall affect the validity of the redemption or exchange 
proceedings with respect to any other Holder.

(ii) In the event that fewer than all the outstanding Securities are to be 
redeemed, the Securities to be redeemed shall be redeemed Pro Rata from 
each Holder of Capital Securities.

(iii) If the Securities are to be redeemed and the Trust gives a 
Redemption/Distribution Notice, which notice may only be issued if the 
Debentures are redeemed as set out in this Section 4 (which notice will be 
irrevocable), then, provided, that the Institutional Trustee has a 
sufficient amount of cash in connection with the related redemption or 
maturity of the Debentures, the Institutional Trustee will, with respect to 
Book-Entry Capital Securities, on the Redemption Date or Special Redemption 
Date, as applicable, irrevocably deposit with the Depositary for such 
Book-Entry Capital Securities, to the extent available therefor, funds 
sufficient to pay the relevant Redemption Price or Special Redemption 
Price, as applicable, and will give such Depositary irrevocable 
instructions and authority to pay the Redemption Price or Special 
Redemption Price, as applicable, to the Owners of the Capital Securities. 
With respect to Capital Securities that are not Book-Entry Capital 
Securities, the Institutional Trustee will pay, to the extent available 
therefor, the relevant Redemption Price or Special Redemption Price, as 
applicable, to the Holders of such Securities by check mailed to the 
address of each such Holder appearing on the books and records of the Trust 
on the redemption date. If a Redemption/Distribution Notice shall have been 
given and funds deposited as required, then immediately prior to the close 
of business on the date of such deposit, Distributions will cease to accrue 
on the Securities so called for redemption and all rights of Holders of 
such Securities so called for redemption will cease, except the right of 
the Holders of such Securities to receive the applicable Redemption Price 
or Special Redemption Price, as applicable, specified in Section 4(a). If 
any date fixed for redemption of Securities is not a Business Day, then 
payment of any such Redemption Price or Special Redemption Price, as 
applicable, payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding day 
that is a Business Day except that, if such Business Day falls in the next 
calendar year, such payment will be made on the immediately preceding 
Business Day, in each case with the same force and effect as if made on 
such date fixed for redemption. If payment of the Redemption Price or 
Special Redemption Price, as applicable, in respect of any Securities is 
improperly withheld or refused and not paid either by the Trust or by the 
Debenture Issuer as guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee, Distributions on 
such Securities will continue to accrue at the then applicable rate from 
the original redemption date to the actual date of payment, in which case 
the actual payment date will be considered the date fixed for redemption 
for purposes of calculating the Redemption Price or Special Redemption 
Price, as applicable. In the event of any redemption of the Capital 
Securities issued by the Trust in part, the Trust shall not be required to 
(i) issue,
 
A-I-10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
register the transfer of or exchange any Security during a period beginning 
at the opening of business 15 days before any selection for redemption of 
the Capital Securities and ending at the close of business on the earliest 
date on which the relevant notice of redemption is deemed to have been 
given to all Holders of the Capital Securities to be so redeemed or (ii) 
register the transfer of or exchange any Capital Securities so selected for 
redemption, in whole or in part, except for the unredeemed portion of any 
Capital Securities being redeemed in part.

(iv) Redemption/Distribution Notices shall be sent by the Administrators on 
behalf of the Trust (A) in respect of the Capital Securities, to the 
Holders thereof, and (B) in respect of the Common Securities, to the Holder 
thereof.

(v) Subject to the foregoing and applicable law (including, without 
limitation, United States federal securities laws), and provided, that the 
acquiror is not the Holder of the Common Securities or the obligor under 
the Indenture, the Sponsor or any of its subsidiaries may at any time and 
from time to time purchase outstanding Capital Securities by tender, in the 
open market or by private agreement.


5. Voting Rights - Capital Securities.

(a) Except as provided under Sections 5(b) and 7 and as otherwise required 
by law and the Declaration, the Holders of the Capital Securities will have 
no voting rights. The Administrators are required to call a meeting of the 
Holders of the Capital Securities if directed to do so by Holders of not 
less than 10% in liquidation amount of the Capital Securities.


(b) Subject to the requirements of obtaining a tax opinion by the 
Institutional Trustee in certain circumstances set forth in the last 
sentence of this paragraph, the Holders of a Majority in liquidation amount 
of the Capital Securities, voting separately as a class, have the right to 
direct the time, method, and place of conducting any proceeding for any 
remedy available to the Institutional Trustee, or exercising any trust or 
power conferred upon the Institutional Trustee under the Declaration, 
including the right to direct the Institutional Trustee, as holder of the 
Debentures, to (i) exercise the remedies available under the Indenture as 
the holder of the Debentures, (ii) waive any past default that is waivable 
under the Indenture, (iii) exercise any right to rescind or annul a 
declaration that the principal of all the Debentures shall be due and 
payable or (iv) consent on behalf of all the Holders of the Capital 
Securities to any amendment, modification or termination of the Indenture 
or the Debentures where such consent shall be required; provided, however, 
that, where a consent or action under the Indenture would require the 
consent or act of the holders of greater than a simple majority in 
principal amount of Debentures (a Super Majority) affected thereby, the 
Institutional Trustee may only give such consent or take such action at the 
written direction of the Holders of not less than the proportion in 
liquidation amount of the Capital Securities outstanding which the relevant 
Super Majority represents of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Debentures outstanding. If the Institutional Trustee fails to enforce its 
rights under the Debentures after the Holders of a Majority or Super 
Majority, as the case may be, in liquidation amount of such Capital 
Securities have so directed the Institutional Trustee, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, a Holder of the Capital Securities
 
A-I-11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
may institute a legal proceeding directly against the Debenture Issuer to 
enforce the Institutional Trustees rights under the Debentures without 
first instituting any legal proceeding against the Institutional Trustee or 
any other person or entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing and such event is attributable to 
the failure of the Debenture Issuer to pay interest or premium, if any, on 
or principal of the Debentures on the date such interest, premium, if any, 
on or principal is payable (or in the case of redemption, the redemption 
date), then a Holder of record of the Capital Securities may directly 
institute a proceeding for enforcement of payment, on or after the 
respective due dates specified in the Debentures, to such Holder directly 
of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Debentures 
having an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate liquidation 
amount of the Capital Securities of such Holder. The Institutional Trustee 
shall notify all Holders of the Capital Securities of any default actually 
known to the Institutional Trustee with respect to the Debentures unless 
(x) such default has been cured prior to the giving of such notice or (y) 
the Institutional Trustee determines in good faith that the withholding of 
such notice is in the interest of the Holders of such Capital Securities, 
except where the default relates to the payment of principal of or interest 
on any of the Debentures. Such notice shall state that such Indenture Event 
of Default also constitutes an Event of Default hereunder. Except with 
respect to directing the time, method and place of conducting a proceeding 
for a remedy, the Institutional Trustee shall not take any of the actions 
described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above unless the Institutional 
Trustee has obtained an opinion of tax counsel to the effect that, as a 
result of such action, the Trust will not be classified as other than a 
grantor trust for United States federal income tax purposes.


In the event the consent of the Institutional Trustee, as the holder of the 
Debentures is required under the Indenture with respect to any amendment, 
modification or termination of the Indenture, the Institutional Trustee may 
request the written direction of the Holders of the Securities with respect 
to such amendment, modification or termination and shall vote with respect 
to such amendment, modification or termination as directed by a Majority in 
liquidation amount of the Securities voting together as a single class; 
provided, however, that where a consent under the Indenture would require 
the consent of a Super Majority, the Institutional Trustee may only give 
such consent at the written direction of the Holders of not less than the 
proportion in liquidation amount of such Securities outstanding which the 
relevant Super Majority represents of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Debentures outstanding. The Institutional Trustee shall not take any such 
action in accordance with the written directions of the Holders of the 
Securities unless the Institutional Trustee has obtained an opinion of tax 
counsel to the effect that, as a result of such action, the Trust will not 
be classified as other than a grantor trust for United States federal 
income tax purposes.


A waiver of an Indenture Event of Default will constitute a waiver of the 
corresponding Event of Default hereunder. Any required approval or 
direction of Holders of the Capital Securities may be given at a separate 
meeting of Holders of the Capital Securities convened for such purpose, at 
a meeting of all of the Holders of the Securities in the Trust or pursuant 
to written consent. The Institutional Trustee will cause a notice of any 
meeting at which Holders of the Capital Securities are entitled to vote, or 
of any matter upon which action by written consent of such Holders is to be 
taken, to be mailed to each Holder of record of the Capital Securities. 
Each such notice will include a statement setting forth the following 
information (i) the date of such meeting or the date by which such action 
is to be taken, (ii) a description of any resolution
 
A-I-12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
proposed for adoption at such meeting on which such Holders are entitled to 
vote or of such matter upon which written consent is sought and (iii) 
instructions for the delivery of proxies or consents. No vote or consent of 
the Holders of the Capital Securities will be required for the Trust to 
redeem and cancel Capital Securities or to distribute the Debentures in 
accordance with the Declaration and the terms of the Securities.


Notwithstanding that Holders of the Capital Securities are entitled to vote 
or consent under any of the circumstances described above, any of the 
Capital Securities that are owned by the Sponsor or any Affiliate of the 
Sponsor shall not entitle the Holder thereof to vote or consent and shall, 
for purposes of such vote or consent, be treated as if such Capital 
Securities were not outstanding.


In no event will Holders of the Capital Securities have the right to vote 
to appoint, remove or replace the Administrators, which voting rights are 
vested exclusively in the Sponsor as the Holder of all of the Common 
Securities of the Trust. Under certain circumstances as more fully 
described in the Declaration, Holders of Capital Securities have the right 
to vote to appoint, remove or replace the Institutional Trustee.


6. Voting Rights - Common Securities.

(a) Except as provided under Sections 6(b), 6(c) and 7 and as otherwise 
required by law and the Declaration, the Common Securities will have no 
voting rights.


(b) The Holders of the Common Securities are entitled, in accordance with 
Article IV of the Declaration, to vote to appoint, remove or replace any 
Administrators.


(c) Subject to Section 6.8 of the Declaration and only after each Event of 
Default (if any) with respect to the Capital Securities has been cured, 
waived or otherwise eliminated and subject to the requirements of the 
second to last sentence of this paragraph, the Holders of a Majority in 
liquidation amount of the Common Securities, voting separately as a class, 
may direct the time, method, and place of conducting any proceeding for any 
remedy available to the Institutional Trustee, or exercising any trust or 
power conferred upon the Institutional Trustee under the Declaration, 
including (i) directing the time, method, place of conducting any 
proceeding for any remedy available to the Debenture Trustee, or exercising 
any trust or power conferred on the Debenture Trustee with respect to the 
Debentures, (ii) waiving any past default and its consequences that are 
waivable under the Indenture, or (iii) exercising any right to rescind or 
annul a declaration that the principal of all the Debentures shall be due 
and payable, provided, however, that, where a consent or action under the 
Indenture would require a Super Majority, the Institutional Trustee may 
only give such consent or take such action at the written direction of the 
Holders of not less than the proportion in liquidation amount of the Common 
Securities which the relevant Super Majority represents of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Debentures outstanding. Notwithstanding this 
Section 6(c), the Institutional Trustee shall not revoke any action 
previously authorized or approved by a vote or consent of the Holders of 
the Capital Securities. Other than with respect to directing the time, 
method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to 
the Institutional Trustee or the Debenture Trustee as set forth above, the 
Institutional Trustee shall not take any action described in clause (i), 
(ii) or (iii) above, unless the Institutional Trustee has obtained an 
opinion of tax counsel to the effect
 
A-I-13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
that for the purposes of United States federal income tax the Trust will 
not be classified as other than a grantor trust on account of such action. 
If the Institutional Trustee fails to enforce its rights under the 
Declaration, to the fullest extent permitted by law any Holder of the 
Common Securities may institute a legal proceeding directly against any 
Person to enforce the Institutional Trustees rights under the Declaration, 
without first instituting a legal proceeding against the Institutional 
Trustee or any other Person.


Any approval or direction of Holders of the Common Securities may be given 
at a separate meeting of Holders of the Common Securities convened for such 
purpose, at a meeting of all of the Holders of the Securities in the Trust 
or pursuant to written consent. The Administrators will cause a notice of 
any meeting at which Holders of the Common Securities are entitled to vote, 
or of any matter upon which action by written consent of such Holders is to 
be taken, to be mailed to each Holder of the Common Securities. Each such 
notice will include a statement setting forth (i) the date of such meeting 
or the date by which such action is to be taken, (ii) a description of any 
resolution proposed for adoption at such meeting on which such Holders are 
entitled to vote or of such matter upon which written consent is sought and 
(iii) instructions for the delivery of proxies or consents.


No vote or consent of the Holders of the Common Securities will be required 
for the Trust to redeem and cancel Common Securities or to distribute the 
Debentures in accordance with the Declaration and the terms of the 
Securities.


7. Amendments to Declaration and Indenture.

(a) In addition to any requirements under Section 11.1 of the Declaration, 
if any proposed amendment to the Declaration provides for, or the Trustees 
otherwise propose to effect, (i) any action that would adversely affect the 
powers, preferences or special rights of the Securities, whether by way of 
amendment to the Declaration or otherwise, or (ii) the Liquidation of the 
Trust, other than as described in Section 7.1 of the Declaration, then the 
Holders of outstanding Securities, voting together as a single class, will 
be entitled to vote on such amendment or proposal and such amendment or 
proposal shall not be effective except with the approval of the Holders of 
not less than a Majority in liquidation amount of the Securities affected 
thereby; provided, however, if any amendment or proposal referred to in 
clause (i) above would adversely affect only the Capital Securities or only 
the Common Securities, then only the affected class will be entitled to 
vote on such amendment or proposal and such amendment or proposal shall not 
be effective except with the approval of a Majority in liquidation amount 
of such class of Securities.


(b) In the event the consent of the Institutional Trustee as the holder of 
the Debentures is required under the Indenture with respect to any 
amendment, modification or termination of the Indenture or the Debentures, 
the Institutional Trustee shall request the written direction of the 
Holders of the Securities with respect to such amendment, modification or 
termination and shall vote with respect to such amendment, modification, or 
termination as directed by a Majority in liquidation amount of the 
Securities voting together as a single class; provided, however, that where 
a consent under the Indenture would require a Super Majority, the 
Institutional Trustee may only give such consent at the written direction 
of the Holders of not less than the proportion in liquidation amount of the 
Securities which the relevant Super Majority represents of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Debentures outstanding.
 
A-I-14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment or modification may be made 
to the Declaration if such amendment or modification would (i) cause the 
Trust to be classified for purposes of United States federal income 
taxation as other than a grantor trust, (ii) reduce or otherwise adversely 
affect the powers of the Institutional Trustee or (iii) cause the Trust to 
be deemed an investment company which is required to be registered under 
the Investment Company Act.


(d) Notwithstanding any provision of the Declaration, the right of any 
Holder of the Capital Securities to receive payment of distributions and 
other payments upon redemption or otherwise, on or after their respective 
due dates, or to institute a suit for the enforcement of any such payment 
on or after such respective dates, shall not be impaired or affected 
without the consent of such Holder. For the protection and enforcement of 
the foregoing provision, each and every Holder of the Capital Securities 
shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or equity.


8. Pro Rata. A reference in these terms of the Securities to any payment, 
distribution or treatment as being Pro Rata shall mean pro rata to each 
Holder of the Securities according to the aggregate liquidation amount of 
the Securities held by the relevant Holder in relation to the aggregate 
liquidation amount of all Securities outstanding unless, in relation to a 
payment, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which case 
any funds available to make such payment shall be paid first to each Holder 
of the Capital Securities Pro Rata according to the aggregate liquidation 
amount of the Capital Securities held by the relevant Holder relative to 
the aggregate liquidation amount of all Capital Securities outstanding, and 
only after satisfaction of all amounts owed to the Holders of the Capital 
Securities, to each Holder of the Common Securities Pro Rata according to 
the aggregate liquidation amount of the Common Securities held by the 
relevant Holder relative to the aggregate liquidation amount of all Common 
Securities outstanding.


9. Ranking. The Capital Securities rank pari passu with, and payment 
thereon shall be made Pro Rata with, the Common Securities except that, 
where an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the rights of 
Holders of the Common Securities to receive payment of Distributions and 
payments upon liquidation, redemption and otherwise are subordinated to the 
rights of the Holders of the Capital Securities with the result that no 
payment of any Distribution on, or Redemption Price or Special Redemption 
Price of, any Common Security, and no other payment on account of 
redemption, liquidation or other acquisition of Common Securities, shall be 
made unless payment in full in cash of all accumulated and unpaid 
Distributions on all outstanding Capital Securities for all distribution 
periods terminating on or prior thereto, or in the case of payment of the 
Redemption Price or Special Redemption Price the full amount of such 
Redemption Price or the Special Redemption Price on all outstanding Capital 
Securities then called for redemption, shall have been made or provided 
for, and all funds immediately available to the Institutional Trustee shall 
first be applied to the payment in full in cash of all Distributions on, or 
the Redemption Price or the Special Redemption Price of, the Capital 
Securities then due and payable.
 
A-I-15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10. Acceptance of Guarantee and Indenture. Each Holder of the Capital 
Securities and the Common Securities, by the acceptance of such Securities, 
agrees to the provisions of the Guarantee, including the subordination 
provisions therein and to the provisions of the Indenture.


11. No Preemptive Rights. The Holders of the Securities shall have no, and 
the issuance of the Securities is not subject to, preemptive or similar 
rights to subscribe for any additional securities.


12. Miscellaneous. These terms constitute a part of the Declaration. The 
Sponsor will provide a copy of the Declaration, the Guarantee, and the 
Indenture to a Holder without charge on written request to the Sponsor at 
its principal place of business.
 
A-I-16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A-1


FORM OF CAPITAL SECURITY CERTIFICATE


[FORM OF FACE OF SECURITY]


THIS CAPITAL SECURITY IS A GLOBAL CAPITAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
THE DECLARATION HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF 
THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (DTC) OR A NOMINEE OF DTC. THIS CAPITAL 
SECURITY IS EXCHANGEABLE FOR CAPITAL SECURITIES REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A 
PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR ITS NOMINEE ONLY IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES 
DESCRIBED IN THE DECLARATION, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS CAPITAL SECURITY 
(OTHER THAN A TRANSFER OF THIS CAPITAL SECURITY AS A WHOLE BY DTC TO A 
NOMINEE OF DTC OR BY A NOMINEE OF DTC TO DTC OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF DTC) MAY 
BE REGISTERED EXCEPT IN LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES.


UNLESS THIS CAPITAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE 
OF DTC TO IBERIABANK STATUTORY TRUST VI OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CAPITAL SECURITY ISSUED IS 
REGISTERED AS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY 
PAYMENT HEREON IS MADE TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN 
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF 
FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE 
REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.


THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR 
PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, 
PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH 
REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. THE HOLDER OF THIS 
SECURITY BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF AGREES TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER SUCH SECURITY ONLY (A) TO THE DEBENTURE ISSUER OR THE TRUST, (B) 
PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144A), TO A PERSON 
THE HOLDER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AS 
DEFINED IN RULE 144A THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE 
TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (C) TO A NON U.S. PERSON 
IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT, (D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT TO AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SUBPARAGRAPH (a) (1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF RULE 501 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
THAT IS ACQUIRING THE SECURITY FOR
 
A-1-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ITS OWN ACCOUNT, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF SUCH AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR, FOR 
INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR FOR OFFER OR SALE IN 
CONNECTION WITH, ANY DISTRIBUTION IN VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 
(E) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE DEBENTURE ISSUERS AND 
THE TRUSTS RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO 
CLAUSES (D) OR (E) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, 
CERTIFICATION AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST, A COPY OF 
WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DEBENTURE ISSUER OR THE TRUST. THE HOLDER OF 
THIS SECURITY BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF AGREES THAT IT WILL COMPLY WITH THE 
FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.


THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF AGREES, REPRESENTS AND 
WARRANTS THAT IT WILL NOT ENGAGE IN HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THIS 
SECURITY UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTIONS ARE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT 
OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM.


THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF ALSO AGREES, 
REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT IT IS NOT AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT, INDIVIDUAL 
RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), 
(EACH A PLAN), OR AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS 
BY REASON OF ANY PLANS INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY AND NO PERSON INVESTING 
PLAN ASSETS OF ANY PLAN MAY ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST 
THEREIN, UNLESS SUCH PURCHASER OR HOLDER IS ELIGIBLE FOR THE EXEMPTIVE 
RELIEF AVAILABLE UNDER U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR PROHIBITED TRANSACTION 
CLASS EXEMPTION 96-23, 95-60, 91-38, 90-1 OR 84-14 OR ANOTHER APPLICABLE 
EXEMPTION OR ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THIS SECURITY IS NOT PROHIBITED BY 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE WITH RESPECT TO SUCH 
PURCHASE OR HOLDING. ANY PURCHASER OR HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED BY ITS PURCHASE AND 
HOLDING THEREOF THAT EITHER (i) IT IS NOT AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA, OR A PLAN TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE IS APPLICABLE, A TRUSTEE OR OTHER PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF OF AN 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY USING THE 
ASSETS OF ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN TO FINANCE SUCH PURCHASE, OR 
(ii) SUCH PURCHASE WILL NOT RESULT IN A PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE FOR WHICH THERE IS NO 
APPLICABLE STATUTORY OR ADMINISTRATIVE EXEMPTION.
 
A-1-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER OF THE CERTIFICATE WILL DELIVER 
TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION 
AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY THE AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST TO 
CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.


THIS SECURITY WILL BE ISSUED AND MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN BLOCKS HAVING A 
LIQUIDATION AMOUNT OF NOT LESS THAN $100,000 AND MULTIPLES OF $1,000 IN 
EXCESS THEREOF. ANY ATTEMPTED TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN A BLOCK HAVING A 
LIQUIDATION AMOUNT OF LESS THAN $100,000 SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE VOID AND OF 
NO LEGAL EFFECT WHATSOEVER. ANY SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE SHALL BE DEEMED 
NOT TO BE THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY FOR ANY PURPOSE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO, THE RECEIPT OF DISTRIBUTIONS ON THIS SECURITY, AND SUCH 
PURPORTED TRANSFEREE SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE NO INTEREST WHATSOEVER IN THIS 
SECURITY.
 
A-1-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Certificate Number [P-001] 	   	Number of Capital Securities: 12,000


CUSIP No.                     


Certificate Evidencing Capital Securities


of


IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI


TP Securities


(liquidation amount $1,000 per Capital Security)


IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI, a statutory trust created under the laws of 
the State of Connecticut (the Trust), hereby certifies that Cede & Co., 
as nominee on behalf of the Depository Trust Company (the Holder), is the 
registered owner of 12,000 capital securities of the Trust representing 
undivided beneficial interests in the assets of the Trust, designated the 
TP Securities (liquidation amount $1,000 per Capital Security) (the 
Capital Securities). Subject to the Declaration (as defined below), the 
Capital Securities are transferable on the books and records of the Trust, 
in person or by a duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this 
Certificate duly endorsed and in proper form for transfer. The Capital 
Securities represented hereby are issued pursuant to, and the designation, 
rights, privileges, restrictions, preferences and other terms and 
provisions of the Capital Securities shall in all respects be subject to, 
the provisions of the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the 
Trust, dated as of November 9, 2007, among Joseph B. Zanco and Anthony J. 
Restel, as Administrators, U.S. Bank National Association, as Institutional 
Trustee, IBERIABANK Corporation, as Sponsor, and the holders from time to 
time of undivided beneficial interests in the assets of the Trust, 
including the designation of the terms of the Capital Securities as set 
forth in Annex I to the Declaration, as the same may be amended from time 
to time (the Declaration). Capitalized terms used herein but not defined 
shall have the meaning given them in the Declaration. The Holder is 
entitled to the benefits of the Guarantee to the extent provided therein. 
The Sponsor will provide a copy of the Declaration, the Guarantee, and the 
Indenture to the Holder without charge upon written request to the Sponsor 
at its principal place of business.


By acceptance of this Security, the Holder is bound by the Declaration and 
is entitled to the benefits thereunder.


By acceptance of this Security, the Holder agrees to treat, for United 
States federal income tax purposes, the Debentures as indebtedness and the 
Capital Securities as evidence of beneficial ownership in the Debentures.


This Capital Security is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, the laws of the State of Connecticut, without regard to principles of 
conflict of laws.
 
A-1-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust has duly executed this certificate.
 
IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI
By: 	  	

 
Name: 	  	

 
Title: 	  	Administrator
Dated: 	  	

 



CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION


This is one of the Capital Securities referred to in the within-mentioned 
Declaration.
 
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely 
as Institutional Trustee
By: 	  	

 
  	Authorized Signatory
Dated: 	  	

 
 
A-1-5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[FORM OF REVERSE OF SECURITY]


Distributions payable on each Capital Security will be payable at a 
variable per annum rate of interest, reset quarterly, equal to LIBOR (as 
defined in the Declaration) plus 2.75% (the Coupon Rate) of the stated 
liquidation amount of $1,000 per Capital Security (provided, however, that 
the Coupon Rate for any Distribution Payment Period may not exceed the 
highest rate permitted by New York law, as the same may be modified by 
United States law of general applicability), such Coupon Rate being the 
rate of interest payable on the Debentures to be held by the Institutional 
Trustee. Distributions in arrears for more than one quarterly period will 
bear interest thereon compounded quarterly at the then applicable Coupon 
Rate for each such quarterly period (to the extent permitted by applicable 
law). The term Distributions as used herein includes cash distributions, 
any such compounded distributions and any Additional Interest payable on 
the Debentures unless otherwise stated. A Distribution is payable only to 
the extent that payments are made in respect of the Debentures held by the 
Institutional Trustee and to the extent the Institutional Trustee has funds 
legally available in the Property Account therefor. The amount of 
Distributions payable for any period shall be computed for any full 
quarterly Distribution period on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual 
number of days elapsed in the relevant Distribution Payment Period.


Except as otherwise described below, Distributions on the Capital 
Securities will be cumulative, will accrue from the date of original 
issuance and will be payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, 
September 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing on December 15, 2007 
(each, a Distribution Payment Date). Subject to prior submission of 
Notice (as defined in the Indenture), and so long as no Event of Default 
pursuant to paragraphs (c), (e), (f) or (g) of Section 5.01 of the 
Indenture has occurred and is continuing, the Debenture Issuer has the 
right under the Indenture to defer payments of interest on the Debentures 
by extending the interest distribution period for up to 20 consecutive 
quarterly periods (each, an Extension Period) at any time and from time 
to time on the Debentures, subject to the conditions described below, 
during which Extension Period no interest shall be due and payable (except 
any Additional Interest that may be due and payable). During any Extension 
Period, interest will continue to accrue on the Debentures, and interest on 
such accrued interest (such accrued interest and interest thereon referred 
to herein as Deferred Interest) will accrue at an annual rate equal to 
the Coupon Rate in effect for each such Extension Period, compounded 
quarterly from the date such Deferred Interest would have been payable were 
it not for the Extension Period, to the extent permitted by law. No 
Extension Period may end on a date other than a Distribution Payment Date. 
At the end of any such Extension Period, the Debenture Issuer shall pay all 
Deferred Interest then accrued and unpaid on the Debentures; provided, 
however, that no Extension Period may extend beyond the Maturity Date, 
Redemption Date (to the extent redeemed) or Special Redemption Date. Prior 
to the termination of any Extension Period, the Debenture Issuer may 
further extend such period; provided, that such period together with all 
such previous and further consecutive extensions thereof shall not exceed 
20 consecutive quarterly periods, or extend beyond the Maturity Date, 
Redemption Date (to the extent redeemed) or Special Redemption Date. Upon 
the termination of any Extension Period and upon the payment of all 
Deferred Interest, the Debenture Issuer may commence a new Extension 
Period, subject to the foregoing requirements. No interest or Deferred 
Interest (except any Additional Amounts that may be due and payable) shall 
be due and payable during an Extension Period, except at the end thereof, 
but Deferred Interest shall accrue upon each installment of
 
A-1-6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
interest that would otherwise have been due and payable during such 
Extension Period until such installment is paid. If Distributions are 
deferred, the Distributions due shall be paid on the date that the related 
Extension Period terminates to Holders of the Securities as they appear on 
the books and records of the Trust on the record date immediately preceding 
such date. Distributions on the Securities must be paid on the dates 
payable (after giving effect to any Extension Period) to the extent that 
the Trust has funds legally available for the payment of such distributions 
in the Property Account of the Trust. The Trusts funds available for 
Distribution to the Holders of the Securities will be limited to payments 
received from the Debenture Issuer. The payment of Distributions out of 
moneys held by the Trust is guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Guarantee.


The Capital Securities shall be redeemable as provided in the Declaration.
 
A-1-7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ASSIGNMENT


FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned assigns and transfers this Capital 
Security Certificate to:
 

 
  	

 
  	

 
  	


(Insert assignees social security or tax identification number)
 

 
  	

 
  	

 
  	


(Insert address and zip code of assignee),


and irrevocably appoints                                                    
   as agent to transfer this Capital Security Certificate on the books of 
the Trust. The agent may substitute another to act for it, him or her.
 
  	Date: 	   	

 
   	 	   	
  	Signature: 	   	

 
   	 	   	


(Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Capital 
Security Certificate)


Signature Guarantee:1                                                       
                   
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1 	Signature must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" that 
is a bank, stockbroker, savings and loan association or credit union 
meeting the requirements of the Security registrar, which requirements 
include membership or participation in the Securities Transfer Agents 
Medallion Program ("STAMP") or such other "signature guarantee program" as 
may be determined by the Security registrar in addition to, or in 
substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended.
 
A-1-7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A-2


FORM OF COMMON SECURITY CERTIFICATE


THIS COMMON SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION.


EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 8.1(b) OF THE DECLARATION (AS DEFINED 
BELOW), THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED.
 
A-2-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Certificate Number [C-001] 	   	Number of Common Securities: 372


Certificate Evidencing Common Securities
of
IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI


IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI, a statutory trust created under the laws of 
the State of Connecticut (the Trust), hereby certifies that IBERIABANK 
Corporation (the Holder) is the registered owner of 372 common securities 
of the Trust representing undivided beneficial interests in the assets of 
the Trust (liquidation amount $1,000 per Common Security) (the Common 
Securities). The Common Securities represented hereby are issued pursuant 
to, and the designation, rights, privileges, restrictions, preferences and 
other terms and provisions of the Common Securities shall in all respects 
be subject to, the provisions of the Amended and Restated Declaration of 
Trust of the Trust, dated as of November 9, 2007, among Joseph B. Zanco and 
Anthony J. Restel, as Administrators, U.S. Bank National Association, as 
Institutional Trustee, the Holder, as Sponsor, and the holders from time to 
time of undivided beneficial interests in the assets of the Trust, 
including the designation of the terms of the Common Securities as set 
forth in Annex I to the Declaration, as the same may be amended from time 
to time (the Declaration). Capitalized terms used herein but not defined 
shall have the meaning given them in the Declaration. The Sponsor will 
provide a copy of the Declaration and the Indenture to the Holder without 
charge upon written request to the Sponsor at its principal place of 
business.


As set forth in the Declaration, when an Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing, the rights of Holders of Common Securities to payment in 
respect of Distributions and payments upon Liquidation, redemption or 
otherwise are subordinated to the rights of payment of Holders of the 
Capital Securities.


By acceptance of this Certificate, the Holder is bound by the Declaration 
and is entitled to the benefits thereunder.


By acceptance of this Certificate, the Holder agrees to treat, for United 
States federal income tax purposes, the Debentures as indebtedness and the 
Common Securities as evidence of undivided beneficial ownership in the 
Debentures.


This Common Security is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, the laws of the State of Connecticut, without regard to principles of 
conflict of laws.
 
A-2-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust has executed this certificate as of this      
day of                     , 2007.
 
IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI
By: 	  	

 
Name: 	  	

 
Title: 	  	Administrator
 
A-2-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[FORM OF REVERSE OF SECURITY]


Distributions payable on each Common Security will be identical in amount 
to the Distributions payable on each Capital Security, which is at a 
variable per annum rate of interest, reset quarterly, equal to LIBOR (as 
defined in the Declaration) plus 2.75% (the Coupon Rate) of the stated 
liquidation amount of $1,000 per Capital Security (provided, however, that 
the Coupon Rate for any Distribution Payment Period may not exceed the 
highest rate permitted by New York law, as the same may be modified by 
United States law of general applicability), such Coupon Rate being the 
rate of interest payable on the Debentures to be held by the Institutional 
Trustee. Distributions in arrears for more than one quarterly period will 
bear interest thereon compounded quarterly at the then applicable Coupon 
Rate for each such quarterly period (to the extent permitted by applicable 
law). The term Distributions as used herein includes cash distributions, 
any such compounded distributions and any Additional Interest payable on 
the Debentures unless otherwise stated. A Distribution is payable only to 
the extent that payments are made in respect of the Debentures held by the 
Institutional Trustee and to the extent the Institutional Trustee has funds 
legally available in the Property Account therefor. The amount of 
Distributions payable for any period shall be computed for any full 
quarterly Distribution period on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual 
number of days elapsed in the relevant Distribution Payment Period.


Except as otherwise described below, Distributions on the Common Securities 
will be cumulative, will accrue from the date of original issuance and will 
be payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15 and 
December 15 of each year, commencing on December 15, 2007 (each, a 
Distribution Payment Date). Subject to prior submission of Notice (as 
defined in the Indenture), and so long as no Event of Default pursuant to 
paragraphs (c), (e), (f) or (g) of Section 5.01 of the Indenture has 
occurred and is continuing, the Debenture Issuer has the right under the 
Indenture to defer payments of interest on the Debentures by extending the 
interest distribution period for up to 20 consecutive quarterly periods 
(each, an Extension Period) at any time and from time to time on the 
Debentures, subject to the conditions described below, during which 
Extension Period no interest shall be due and payable (except any 
Additional Interest that may be due and payable). During any Extension 
Period, interest will continue to accrue on the Debentures, and interest on 
such accrued interest (such accrued interest and interest thereon referred 
to herein as Deferred Interest) will accrue at an annual rate equal to 
the Coupon Rate in effect for each such Extension Period, compounded 
quarterly from the date such Deferred Interest would have been payable were 
it not for the Extension Period, to the extent permitted by law. No 
Extension Period may end on a date other than a Distribution Payment Date. 
At the end of any such Extension Period, the Debenture Issuer shall pay all 
Deferred Interest then accrued and unpaid on the Debentures; provided, 
however, that no Extension Period may extend beyond the Maturity Date, 
Redemption Date (to the extent redeemed) or Special Redemption Date. Prior 
to the termination of any Extension Period, the Debenture Issuer may 
further extend such period, provided, that such period together with all 
such previous and further consecutive extensions thereof shall not exceed 
20 consecutive quarterly periods, or extend beyond the Maturity Date, 
Redemption Date (to the extent redeemed) or Special Redemption Date. Upon 
the termination of any Extension Period and upon the payment of all 
Deferred Interest, the Debenture Issuer may commence a new Extension 
Period, subject to the foregoing requirements. No interest or Deferred 
Interest (except any Additional Interest that may be due and payable) shall 
be due and payable during an Extension
 
A-2-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Period, except at the end thereof, but Deferred Interest shall accrue upon 
each installment of interest that would otherwise have been due and payable 
during such Extension Period until such installment is paid. If 
Distributions are deferred, the Distributions due shall be paid on the date 
that the related Extension Period terminates to Holders of the Securities 
as they appear on the books and records of the Trust on the record date 
immediately preceding such date.


Distributions on the Securities must be paid on the dates payable (after 
giving effect to any Extension Period) to the extent that the Trust has 
funds legally available for the payment of such distributions in the 
Property Account of the Trust. The Trusts funds legally available for 
Distribution to the Holders of the Securities will be limited to payments 
received from the Debenture Issuer. The payment of Distributions out of 
moneys held by the Trust is guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Guarantee.


The Common Securities shall be redeemable as provided in the Declaration.
 
A-2-5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ASSIGNMENT


FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned assigns and transfers this Common 
Security Certificate to:
 

 
  	

 
  	

 
  	


(Insert assignees social security or tax identification number)
 

 
  	

 
  	

 
  	


(Insert address and zip code of assignee),


and irrevocably appoints                      as agent to transfer this 
Common Security Certificate on the books of the Trust. The agent may 
substitute another to act for him or her.
 
  	Date: 	   	

 
   	 	   	
  	Signature: 	   	

 
   	 	   	


(Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Common 
Security Certificate)


Signature Guarantee:1                                                       
                   
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1 	Signature must be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution that 
is a bank, stockbroker, savings and loan association or credit union, 
meeting the requirements of the Security registrar, which requirements 
include membership or participation in the Securities Transfer Agents 
Medallion Program (STAMP) or such other signature guarantee program as 
may be determined by the Security registrar in addition to, or in 
substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended.
 
A-2-6