 EX-10.45 3 a07-27035_1ex10d45.htm EX-10.45
Exhibit 10.45
 
Peter Zee
Executive Employment Agreement
VendingData
October 3rd 2005
 
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of the 3rd day of 
October, 2005, between VendingData Corporation, a Nevada corporation 
(together with its successors or assigns as permitted under this Agreement, 
the Company), and Peter Zee, an individual (the Executive).
 
RECITALS
 
The Company desires to employ the Executive and enter into this Agreement 
embodying the terms of such employment and the Executive desires to enter 
into this Agreement and to accept such employment.
 
In consideration of the mutual covenants and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the Company and the Executive (individually a Party and 
together the Parties) agree as follows:
 
      1.                                      DEFINITIONS
       
(a)           Base Salary shall mean the salary provided for in Section 4 
below subject to such increases as may be made from time to time.
 
(b)           Cause shall mean:
 
        (i)            the conviction of (including any act as a result of
        pleading nolo contendere) or entry of judgment against the
        Executive by a civil or criminal court of competent jurisdiction of
        a felony, or any other offense or wrongdoing involving
        embezzlement, fraud, misappropriation of funds, any act of moral
        turpitude or dishonesty;
         
        (ii)           the indictment of the Executive by a state or
        federal grand jury or the filing of a criminal complaint or
        information for a felony, or any other offense involving
        embezzlement, fraud, misappropriation of funds, any act of moral
        turpitude or dishonesty, unless such indictment or filing is
        dismissed within one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of
        such indictment or filing.  The Board may elect to suspend and
        extend the Term of Employment by such one hundred eighty (180) day
        period or the number of days actually taken by the Executive to
        dismiss such indictment or filing, whichever is less; provided that
        the Executive notifies the Company in writing that the Executive
        intends to contest in good faith such indictment or filing and
        pursues the dismissal of such indictment or filing with reasonable
        diligence.  During such period of suspension, Executive may be
        relieved of duties, but shall be entitled to receive Base Salary;
         
        (iii)          the written confession by the Executive of
        embezzlement, fraud, misappropriation of funds, any act of moral
        turpitude or dishonesty or acts constituting a felony;
         
        (iv)          the finding by a court of competent jurisdiction in a
        criminal or civil action or by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
        Commission or state blue sky agency in an administrative proceeding
        that the Executive has willfully violated any federal or state
        securities law;
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (v)           the engagement by the Executive in willful and
        continued misconduct, or the Executives willful and continued
        failure to substantially perform the Executives obligations;
         
        (vi)          the use by the Executive of alcohol or any controlled
        substance to an extent that it interferes, in the sole discretion
        of the Board, on a continuing and material basis with the
        performance of the Executives duties under the Agreement;
         
        (vii)         the willful, unauthorized disclosure by the Executive
        of Confidential Information, as defined in Section 12, concerning
        the Company or any Subsidiary, unless such disclosure was (A)
        believed in good faith by the Executive to be appropriate in the
        course of properly carrying out duties under the Agreement, or (B)
        required by an order of a court having jurisdiction over the
        subject matter or a summons, subpoena or order in the nature
        thereof of any legislative body (including any committee thereof)
        or any governmental or administrative agency;
         
        (viii)        performance of services by the Executive, other than
        in the course of properly carrying out his or her duties under the
        Agreement and as otherwise provided herein, for any other
        corporation or person that competes with the Company while the
        Executive is employed by the Company
         
        (ix)           misconduct in connection with the performance of any
        of Executives duties, including, without limitation,
        misappropriation of funds or property of the Company, securing or
        attempting to secure personally any profit in connection with any
        transaction entered into on behalf of the Company,
        misrepresentation to the Company, or any violation of law or
        regulations on Company premises or to which the Company is subject;
         
        (x)            commission by Executive of an act involving moral
        turpitude, dishonesty, theft or unethical business conduct, or
        conduct which impairs or injures the reputation of, or harms, the
        Company;
         
        (xi)           disloyalty by Executive, including without
        limitation, aiding a competitor;
         
        (xii)          any breach of this Agreement or Company rules; or
         
        (xiii)         any other bad act or misconduct by Executive;
         
(c)           Change in Control means, and shall be deemed to occur upon 
the happening of the acquisition, directly or indirectly, in a single 
transaction or a series of related transactions by any person resulting in 
the beneficial ownership of 50% or more of the combined voting power of the 
then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote;
 
(d)           Term of Employment shall mean the initial two-year period 
specified in Section 2 below and if, but only if, automatically renewed as 
provided in Section 2, shall include the period of such renewal.
 
(e)           Voting Securities means securities of the Company, the 
holders of which are entitled to vote for the election of directors.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      2.                                      TERM OF EMPLOYMENT
       
(a)           The Company hereby employs the Executive, and the Executive 
hereby accepts employment with the Company, in the position and with the 
duties and responsibilities as set forth in Section 3 below for the Term of 
Employment, subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement.
 
(b)           The initial Term of Employment shall commence on October 3rd, 
2005 and shall terminate on September 30, 2007, unless terminated earlier 
as provided in Section 8; provided that the Term of Employment shall 
automatically renew for successive one-year periods unless (i) it has 
sooner terminated as provided in Section 8 or (ii) either party has 
notified the other in writing at least thirty (30) days prior to the 
otherwise scheduled expiration of the Term of Employment that such Term of 
Employment shall not so renew.
 
      3.                                      POSITION, DUTIES AND
      AUTHORITIES
       
During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be employed as the Vice 
President of Engineering and Manufacturing of the Company. Subject to 
supervision and in accordance with the policies and directives established 
by the Chief Executive Officer, the Executives duties and responsibilities 
shall include those duties set forth on Exhibit A, attached hereto, and 
such other duties, responsibilities and authorities customarily associated 
with such positions.
 
      4.                                      BASE SALARY
       
During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall be paid by the Company a 
Base Salary payable no less frequently than in equal monthly installments 
at an annualized rate of $175,000.00; subject to increase as may be 
determined by the Company within its sole discretion.
 
      5.                                      OPTIONS
       
Executive will receive options (Options) to purchase 150,000 shares of 
the Companys common stock at an exercise price of $1.34 per share, which 
options shall be exercisable upon a Change in Control, and which Options 
vest upon a Change in Control. Except for any conflicting provisions in 
this Agreement, which shall prevail, the Options shall be issued under and 
governed by the terms of the Companys 1999 Stock Option Plan. These 
Options are intended to benefit Executive upon a Change in Control, and are 
in addition to stock options already granted to Executive in connection 
with Executives employment.
 
      6.                                      BONUS
       
The Executive will be entitled to receive a performance-based bonus of up 
to 50% of the Executives annual Base Salary for the calendar year 
commencing January 1, 2006 and for each calendar year during the remainder 
of the Term of Employment. The performance bonus shall be subject to the 
Executives satisfaction of certain performance goals determined by the 
Chief Executive Officer. Prior to January 1, 2006 and the commencement of 
each calendar year thereafter during the remainder of the Term of 
Employment, the Chief Executive Officer shall determine, in that Officers 
sole and absolute discretion, the performance goals for the Executive and 
deliver a written description of those goals to Executive. The written 
description shall be incorporated into and become a part of this Agreement. 
All payments of bonuses earned during any calendar year shall be due and 
payable no later than March 31st of the following year. The determination 
of whether the Executive has satisfied the performance goals shall be made 
by the Board of Directors in its reasonable discretion.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      7.                                      EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PROGRAMS
       
During the Term of Employment, the Executive and his dependents shall be 
entitled to participate in, at the Companys expense, whatever employee 
benefit plans the Company endorses to obtain, if any, such as medical, 
surgical, hospitalization, dental and visual insurance coverage. The 
Company will pay all expenses for these insurance program(s) or plan(s).
 
      8.                                      TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT
       
(a)           Termination by the Company for Cause. At any time after 
learning of an event constituting Cause, the Company may elect to give the 
Executive written notice of its intention to terminate for Cause, 
specifying in such notice the event forming the basis for Cause. 
Termination shall be effective immediately upon delivery of notice 
hereunder. In the event the Executives employment is terminated by the 
Company for Cause, the Executive shall be entitled only to:
 
    (i)            Base Salary, at the rate in effect at the time of
    termination, accrued and payable through the date of termination of
    employment;
     
    (ii)           reimbursement for expenses incurred but not yet
    reimbursed by the Company; and
     
    (iii)          any other compensation and benefits accrued and to which
    the Executive is entitled under applicable plans, programs and
    agreements of the Company as of the date of termination of employment.
     
The Executives entitlement to the foregoing shall be without prejudice to 
the right of the Company to claim or sue for any damages or other legal or 
equitable remedy to which the Company may be entitled as a result of such 
Cause; provided, however, that offset shall not be available to the Company 
in any event.
 
(b)           Termination Without Cause. In the event the Executives 
employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (which shall not 
include a termination pursuant to Section 8(a)), the Executive shall be 
entitled only to those items described in the subsections (i) through (vi) 
below. Termination Without Cause shall be effective immediately, unless a 
later date is stated, upon delivery of a written notice of such termination 
from the Company to the Executive.
 
    (i)            Base Salary, at the rate in effect at the time of
    termination, accrued and payable through the date of termination of
    employment;
     
    (ii)           an amount equal to the greater of (a) the Base Salary
    owing over the balance of the term of this agreement or (b) 12 months
    Base Salary (Base Salary as used in this section shall be determined at
    the rate of compensation in effect as of the date of termination
    Without Cause) (the Base Salary Termination Payment);
     
    (iii)          in lieu of any bonus under Section 6, an amount equal to
    50% of the Base Salary Termination Payment;
     
    (iv)          reimbursement for expenses incurred but not yet
    reimbursed by the Company;
     
    (v)           any amounts due to the Executive under Section 9; and
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (vi)          any other compensation and benefits accrued and to which
    the Executive is entitled under applicable plans, programs and
    agreements of the Company as of the date of Termination Without Cause.
     
(c)           Voluntary Termination. A Voluntary Termination shall mean a 
termination of employment by the Executive on his own initiative other than 
a termination under Section 8(a) or 8(b). In the event of a Voluntary 
Termination, the Executive shall be entitled only to:
 
    (i)            Base Salary, at the rate in effect at the time of
    termination, accrued and payable through the date of termination of
    employment;
     
    (ii)           reimbursement for expenses incurred but not yet
    reimbursed by the Company; and
     
    (iii)          any other compensation and benefits accrued and to which
    the Executive is entitled under applicable plans, programs and
    agreements of the Company.
     
A Voluntary Termination shall not, solely due to a Voluntary Termination, 
be deemed a breach of this Agreement and shall be effective upon the 
expiration of 30 days after written notice is delivered to the Company, 
unless another period of time is agreed to in writing by the Parties.
 
(d)           No Mitigation; No Offset. In the event of any termination of 
the Executives employment under the Agreement without Cause, the Executive 
shall be under no obligation to seek other employment, and there shall be 
no offset against amounts due the Executive under the Agreement on account 
of any remuneration attributable to any subsequent employment that the 
Executive may obtain.
 
(e)           Nature of Payments. Any amounts due the Executive under the 
Agreement in the event of any termination of employment with the Company 
are in the nature of severance payments, or liquidated damages which 
contemplate both direct damages and consequential damages that the 
Executive may suffer as a result of the termination of employment, or both, 
and are not in the nature of a penalty.
 
      9.                                      PAYMENTS IN CASE OF CHANGE IN
      CONTROL
       
Upon a Change in Control, as such term is defined herein, and in addition 
to any other payments to which Executive is entitled under Section 8 or any 
other provision of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to:
 
    (i)            an amount equal to 12 months Base Salary in effect as
    of the effective date of the Change in Control; and
     
    (ii)           an amount equal to 50% of the annual Base Salary in
    effect as of the effective date of the Change in Control.
     
      10.                               CONDITIONS OF ENTITLEMENT TO
      PAYMENT
       
The consideration described in Section 8(b)(i) and (ii) and Section 9 are 
due and owing if and only if all of the conditions set forth in this 
Section 10 are satisfied:
 
(a)           Executive must have signed and delivered to the Chairman of 
the Board of the Company upon the termination of employment a release in 
substantially the form attached as Exhibit B (the Release) subject to the 
timing and effectiveness requirements set forth in the Release; Executive 
must
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
have substantially complied with all written contractual obligations owed 
to the Company, including without limitation obligations of Executive under 
this Agreement. This subpart (a) is applicable to payments under Section 9 
only if prior to the Change in Control the Executive has received notice of 
termination without Cause to take effect upon the Change in Control or 
within 30 days thereafter.
 
(b)           No cash payments shall be due or owing to Executive under 
this Agreement if the Company is (i) out of compliance with any covenants 
imposed by its senior lenders and such lenders have failed to waive the 
non-compliance or grant a forbearance, or (ii) is insolvent, or (iii), in 
the good faith discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company, any 
such payment or payments, by itself or when combined with any other 
obligations of the Company, would cause the Company to be out of compliance 
with such covenants (and the Board of Directors in its sole judgment has 
determined that it is unlikely that its senior lenders will waive the 
non-compliance or grant a forbearance) or insolvent. In the event of 
application of (i), (ii) or (iii) above, the cash payment shall be become 
due and owing and shall be paid promptly after the Board of Directors in 
its good faith determines that sections (i), (ii) and (iii) cease to apply.
 
(c)           No payments shall have been made previously under this 
Agreement with regard to a prior Change in Control.
 
      11.                               COVENANT NOT TO COMPETE
       
In the event of a termination of this Agreement prior to the scheduled 
expiration of the Term of Employment, the Executive shall not, for the 
remaining Term of Employment or 12 months, whichever is longer, engage in 
competition with the Company. For purposes of this Section 11, the 
Executive shall be engaging in competition with the Company if the 
Executive engages in the manufacture of playing card shufflers, playing 
card readers and/or playing card deck setters in Clark County, Nevada or 
any other location in which the Company is engaging in business at the time 
of the termination of the Executives employment, whether as an employee, 
executive, partner, principal, agent, representative, stockholder or 
consultant (other than as a holder of not more than a 10% equity interest) 
or in any other corporate or any capacity, so long as the Company is 
engaged in business in the location in question.
 
      12.                               COVENANTS TO PROTECT CONFIDENTIAL
      INFORMATION
       
The Executive shall not, during the Term of Employment or anytime 
thereafter, without prior written consent of the Company, divulge, publish 
or otherwise disclose to any other person any Confidential Information 
regarding the Company except in the course of carrying out the Executives 
responsibilities on behalf of the Company (e.g., providing information to 
the Companys attorneys, accountants, bankers, etc.) or if required to do 
so pursuant to the order of a court having jurisdiction over the subject 
matter or a summons, subpoena or order in the nature thereof of any 
legislative body (including any committee thereof and any litigation or 
dispute resolution method against the Company related to or arising out of 
this Agreement) or any governmental or administrative agency. For this 
purpose, Confidential Information shall include, but is not limited to, the 
Companys financial position and results of operations, trades secrets and 
intellectual property, products and product development plans, marketing 
and promotional plans and strategies, customer lists and customer data 
bases. Confidential Information does not include information that is 
generally available to the public other than through a breach of the 
Agreement on the part of the Executive.
 
      13.                               NON-SOLICITATION
       
Except with the prior written consent of the Company, Executive shall not 
solicit customers, clients, or employees of the Company or any of its 
affiliates for a period of twelve (12) months after the
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
date of the expiration or termination of this Agreement. Without limiting 
the generality of the foregoing, Executive will not, for a period of twelve 
(12) months after the date of the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement, willfully canvas or solicit any such business in competition 
with the business of the Company from any customers of the Company with 
whom Executive had contact during, or of which Executive had knowledge 
solely as a result of, his performance of services for the Company pursuant 
to this Agreement. Executive will not, for a period of twelve (12) months 
after the date of the expiration or termination of this Agreement, directly 
or indirectly request, induce or advise any customers of the Company with 
whom Executive had contact during the term of this Agreement to withdraw, 
curtail or cancel their business with the Company. Executive will not, for 
a period of twelve (12) months after the date of the expiration or 
termination of this Agreement, induce or attempt to induce any employee of 
the Company to terminate his/her employment with the Company.
 
      14.                               REMEDIES
       
(a)           Executive acknowledges and agrees that immediate and 
irreparable harm, for which damages would be an inadequate remedy, would 
occur in the event any of the provisions of Sections 11, 12 and 13 of this 
Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or 
were otherwise breached. Accordingly, Executive agrees that Company shall 
be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of such 
provisions of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and 
provisions thereof without the necessity of proving actual damages or 
securing or posting any bond or providing prior notice, in addition to any 
other remedy to which it may be entitled at law or equity.
 
(b)           Nothing herein contained is intended to waive or diminish any 
rights Company may have at law or in equity at any time to protect and 
defend its legitimate property interests (including its business 
relationship with third parties), the foregoing provisions being intended 
to be in addition to and not in derogation or limitation of any other 
rights the Company may have at law or equity.
 
(c)           Executive shall have no rights, remedies or claims for 
damages, at law, in equity or otherwise with respect to any termination of 
Executives employment by the Company other than as set forth in Section 8 
of this Agreement.
 
      15.                               REPRESENTATION
       
The Company and the Executive respectively represent and warrant to each 
other that each respectively is fully authorized and empowered to enter 
into the Agreement and that their entering into the Agreement and the 
performance of their respective obligations under the Agreement will not 
violate any agreement between the Company or the Executive respectively and 
any other person, firm or organization or any law or governmental 
regulation.
 
      16.                               ENTIRE AGREEMENT
       
This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties and 
supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, discussions, negotiations 
and undertakings, whether written or oral, between the Parties.
 
      17.                               AMENDMENT OR WAIVER
       
This Agreement cannot be changed, modified or amended without the consent 
in writing of both the Executive and the Company. No waiver by either Party 
at any time of any breach by the other Party of any condition or provision 
of the Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of a similar or dissimilar
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
condition or provision at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. Any 
waiver must be in writing and signed by the Executive or an authorized 
officer of the Company, as the case may be.
 
      18.                               SEVERABILITY
       
The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable and the invalidity, 
illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not 
affect, impair or render unenforceable this Agreement or any other 
provision hereof, all of which shall remain in full force and effect. If 
any provision of this Agreement is adjudicated by a court of competent 
jurisdiction as invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, but such 
provision may be made enforceable by a limitation or reduction of its 
scope, the Parties agree to abide by such limitation or reduction as may be 
necessary so that said provision shall be enforceable to the fullest extent 
permitted by law. The Parties further intend to and hereby confer 
jurisdiction to enforce the covenants contained in Sections 11, 12 and 13 
(the Restrictive Covenants) upon the courts of any jurisdiction within 
the geographical scope of such Restrictive Covenants. If the courts of any 
one or more of such jurisdictions hold any Restrictive Covenant 
unenforceable by reason of the breadth of such scope or otherwise, it is 
the intention of the Company and Executive that such determination not bar 
or in any way affect the right of the Company to the relief provided for in 
this section in the courts of any other jurisdiction within the 
geographical scope of such Restrictive Covenant as to breaches of such 
Restrictive Covenant in such other respective jurisdictions (such 
Restrictive Covenant as it relates to each jurisdiction being, for this 
purpose, severable into diverse and independent covenants).
 
      19.                               SURVIVAL
       
The respective rights and obligations of the Parties shall survive any 
termination of this Agreement to the extent necessary to the intended 
preservation of such rights and obligations.
 
      20.                               GOVERNING LAW
       
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the law of the 
State of Nevada, disregarding any principles of conflicts of law that would 
otherwise provide for the application of the substantive law of another 
jurisdiction. The Parties each hereby consents to the jurisdiction and 
venue of the state courts of Clark County, Nevada and the United States 
district courts with jurisdiction in Nevada with respect to any matter 
arising out of or relating to this Agreement other than matters that are 
subject to the arbitration provisions of Section 21 of this Agreement.
 
      21.                               SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES
       
Except for equitable actions seeking to enforce the provisions of Sections 
11, 12 and 13 of this Agreement which may be brought by a court in any 
competent jurisdiction, in the event a dispute, claim or controversy arises 
between the parties relating to the validity, interpretation, performance, 
termination or breach of this Agreement, (collectively, a Dispute), the 
Parties agree to hold a meeting regarding the Dispute, attended by 
individuals with decision-making authority, to attempt in good faith to 
negotiate a resolution of the Dispute prior to pursuing other available 
remedies. If, within thirty (30) days after such meeting or after good 
faith attempts to schedule such a meeting have failed, the Parties have not 
succeeded in negotiating a resolution of the Dispute, the Dispute shall be 
resolved through final and binding arbitration to be held in Nevada in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the American Arbitration 
Association. The prevailing party in such proceeding shall be entitled to 
recover the costs of the arbitration from the other party, including, 
without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      22.                               HEADINGS
       
The headings of the paragraphs contained in this Agreement are for 
convenience only and shall not be deemed to control or affect the meaning 
or construction of any provision of this Agreement.
 
      23.                               COUNTERPARTS
       
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one 
and the same instrument.
 
      24.                               TAXES
       
The Compensation payable is stated in gross amounts and shall be subject to 
such withholding taxes and other taxes as may be required by law.
 
      25.                               ACKNOWLEDGMENT
       
The Executive acknowledges that he/she has been given a reasonable period 
of time to study this Agreement before signing it and has had an 
opportunity to secure counsel of his/her own. The Executive certifies that 
he/she has fully read and completely understands the terms, nature, and 
effect of this Agreement. The Executive further acknowledges that he/she is 
executing this Agreement freely, knowingly, and voluntarily and that the 
Executives execution of this Agreement is not the result of any fraud, 
duress, mistake, or undue influence whatsoever. In executing this 
Agreement, the Executive does not rely on any inducements, promises, or 
representations by the Company other than that which is stated in this 
Agreement.
 
      26.                               WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
       
Each Party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any 
right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation arising 
out of or relating to this Agreement and Executives employment by the 
Company. Each Party (a) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney 
of the other Party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other 
Party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing 
waiver and (b) acknowledges that it has been induced to enter into this 
Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications set 
forth in this section.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed the Agreement as of the 
date first written above.
 
VENDINGDATA CORPORATION,
a Nevada corporation
 
VENDINGDATA CORPORATION,
a Nevada corporation
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
By:
 
 
Mark R. Newburg
 
James E. Crabbe
Its:
Its: Executive Director of the Board
 
Its: Chairman of the Board
 
 
 
 
EXECUTIVE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Peter Zee
 
 
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------