 EX-10.5 5 a07-25723_1ex10d5.htm EX-10.5
Exhibit 10.5
 
 
RECEIVED
 
JUL 16 2007
 
YWS ARCHITECTS
 
Document B151TM  1997
 
Abbreviated Standard Form of Agreement Between Owner and Architect
 
 
AGREEMENT made as of the Twenty First (21st)
day of May in the year Two
Thousand Seven (2007)
(In words, indicate day, month and year)
 
BETWEEN the Architects client identified as the Owner:
(Name, address and other information)
 
Diamond Jo Casino  Dubuque
400 East 3rd Street
Dubuque, lowa 52001
 
Telephone: 702-383-8000
Facsimile: 702-383-8180
 
and the Architect:
(Name, address and other information)
 
Youngblood Wucherer Sparer Architects, Ltd.
(YWS Architects, LLC)
5005 West Patrick Lane
Las Vegas, Nevada 89118
 
Telephone: 702-243-5670
Facsimile: 702-255-3011
 
For the following Project:
(Include detailed description of Project)
 
Design services for the Diamond Jo Dubuque Casino located in the Port of 
Dubuque,
Dubuque, Iowa.
YWS Architects Project #65-002.06
 
The scope of this project includes working with the Owner to provide 
Conceptual Design, Schematic Design, Design Development, Construction 
Documents, Bidding or Negotiation and Construction Observation Services for 
the development of the Project as described below. Services will be 
performed as generally outlined in Article 2 below and Exhibit A 
attached. The design has addressed the following and is more specifically 
outlined on the attached YWS Project Recapitulation dated May 21, 2007 and 
the Design Development Drawings dated May 7, 2007 (posted to the Peninsula 
Gaming Buzzsaw site):
 
Level 1
 
A. Gaming Area (Approximately 37,000 sf)
B. Non-Gaming Area (Approximately 14,000 sf)
C. Dining (Approximately 10,000 sf)
D. Entertainment (approximately 9,000 sf)
E. Back-of-House and Support (Approximately 25,000 sf)
 
ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS: The author of this document has added information 
needed for its completion. The author may also have revised the text of the 
original AIA standard form. An Additions and Deletions Report that notes 
added information as well as revisions to the standard form text is 
available from the author and should be reviewed. A vertical line in the 
left margin of this document indicates where the author has added necessary 
information and where the author has added to or deleted from the original 
AIA text.
 
This document has important legal consequences. Consultation with an 
attorney is encouraged with respect to its completion or modification.
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987, and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion to it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
Interstitial Level
 
F. Front-of-House (Approximately 3,700 sf)
G. Back-of-House (Approximately 3,400 sf)
 
Level 2
 
H. Meeting/Convention Area (Approximately 6,000 sf)
I. Entertainment (Approximately 2,000 sf)
J. Other Amenities (Approximately 38,000 sf)
K. Back-of-House (Approximately 32,000 sf)
 
Level 3
 
L. Circulation (Approximately 1,000 sf)
 
Other
 
M. Porte Cochere (Approximately 4,000 sf)
N. Exterior Patios  Level 1 (Approximately 1,300 sf)
O. Exterior Patios  Level 2 (Approximately 2,700 sf)
P. Smokers Lounge (Approximately 200 sf)
 
The Owner and Architect agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE 1 ARCHITECTS RESPONSIBILITIES
 
§ 1.1 The services performed by the Architect, Architects employees and 
Architects consultants shall be as enumerated in Articles 2, 3 and 12.
 
§ 1.2 The Architects services shall be performed as expeditiously as is 
consistent with professional skill and care and the orderly progress of the 
Project. The Architect shall submit for the Owners approval a schedule for 
the performance of the Architects services which may be adjusted as the 
Project proceeds. This schedule shall include allowances for periods of 
time required for the Owners review and for approval of submissions by 
authorities having jurisdiction over the Project. Time limits established 
by this schedule approved by the Owner shall not, except for reasonable 
cause, be exceeded by the Architect or Owner.
 
§ 1.3 The Architect shall designate a representative authorized to act on 
behalf of the Architect with respect to the Project.
 
§ 1.4 The services covered by this Agreement are subject to the time 
limitations contained in Section 11.5.1.
 
§ 1.5 The Architect shall comply with applicable laws, codes and 
regulations in effect as of the date of submission to building authorities 
including Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act per 1.6 below. 
Design changes made necessary by newly enacted laws, codes and regulations 
after this date shall entitle the Architect to a reasonable adjustment in 
the schedule and additional compensation in accordance with the Additional 
Services provisions of this Agreement. In addition, the Architect shall be 
entitled to rely reasonably on interpretations and approvals given by 
government officials with responsibility for enforcing Requirements and 
shall not be responsible for changes made by such officials to 
interpretations or approvals previously given.
 
§ 1.6 The Architects services with regard to accessibility requirements 
shall be limited to the application and incorporation of the technical 
requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Accessibility 
Guidelines, current as of the date of this agreement into the Project.
 
§ 1.7 The architect will perform these services with reasonable diligence 
and expediency consistent with sound professional practices.
 
§ 1.8 The Owner agrees that the Architect is not responsible for damages 
arising directly or indirectly from any delays for causes beyond the 
Architects control. For purposes of this Agreement, such causes include, 
but are not limited to, strikes or other labor disputes; severe weather 
disruptions or other natural disasters; fires, riots, war or other 
emergencies or acts of God; failure of any government agency to act in a 
timely manner; failure of
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987, and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
performance by the Owner or the Owners contractors or consultants; or 
discovery of any hazardous substances or differing site conditions.
 
§ 1.9 In recognition of the inherent risks of fast tracking to the 
Architect, the Owner recognizes that there may be design changes and 
modification of portions of the Work already constructed due to the Owners 
decision to employ the fast track process. The Owner agrees to compensate 
the Architect for all additional Services required to modify, the 
Construction Documents and coordinate them in order to meet the Owners 
program requirements because of the Owners decision to construct the 
Project in a fast track manner. The Architect shall provide the Owner with 
a written explanation of any required additional services together with the 
cost thereof prior to the performance thereof by the Architect. Owner shall 
have the right to approve such additional Services; such approval shall not 
be unreasonably withheld.
 
§ 1.10 The Architect shall provide complete copies to the Owner of all 
correspondence regarding the Project sent to, or received from, all 
agencies having jurisdiction over the Project in a timely manner.
 
ARTICLE 2 SCOPE OF ARCHITECTS BASIC SERVICES
 
§ 2.1 DEFINITION
 
The Architects Basic Services consist of those described in Sections 2.2 
through 2.6 and any other services identified in Article 12 as part of 
Basic Services, and include the engineering and consulting services as 
designated in Paragraph 12.1.
 
§ 2.2 SCHEMATIC DESIGN PHASE
 
§ 2.2.1 The Architect shall review the program furnished by the Owner to 
ascertain the requirements of the Project and shall arrive at a mutual 
understanding of such requirements with the Owner. Deliverables for the 
Schematic Design Phase shall be defined in Exhibit A (attached).
 
§ 2.2.2 The Architect shall provide a preliminary evaluation of the Owners 
program and schedule requirements, each in terms of the other.
 
§ 2.2.3 The Architect shall review with the Owner alternative approaches to 
design and construction of the Project.
 
§ 2.2.4 Based on the mutually agreed-upon program and schedule 
requirements, the Architect shall prepare, for approval by the Owner, 
Schematic Design Documents consisting of drawings and other documents 
illustrating the scale and relationship of Project components.
 
§ 2.2.5 The Owners Contractor shall submit to the Owner a preliminary 
estimate of Construction Cost based on current area, volume or similar 
conceptual estimating techniques.
 
§ 2.3 DESIGN DEVELOPMENT PHASE
 
§ 2.3.1 Based on the approved Schematic Design Documents and any 
adjustments authorized by the Owner in the program and schedule, the 
Architect shall prepare, for approval by the Owner, Design Development 
Documents consisting of drawings and other documents to fix and describe 
the size and character of the Project as to architectural, structural, 
mechanical and electrical systems, materials and such other elements as may 
be appropriate. Deliverables for the Design Development Phase shall be 
defined in Exhibit A (attached).
 
§ 2.3.2 The Owners Contractor shall advise the Owner of any adjustments to 
the preliminary estimate of Construction Cost.
 
§ 2.4 CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS PHASE
 
§ 2.4.1 Based on the approved Design Development Documents and any further 
adjustments in the scope or quality of the Project authorized by the Owner, 
the Architect shall prepare, for approval by the Owner, Construction 
Documents consisting of Drawings and Specifications setting forth in detail 
the requirements for the construction of the Project. Deliverables for the 
Construction Development Phase shall be defined in Exhibit A (attached).
 
§ 2.4.2 The Owners Contractor shall assist the Owner in the preparation of 
the necessary bidding information, bidding forms, the Conditions of the 
Contract, and the form of Agreement between the Owner and Contractor.
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987, and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
§ 2.4.3 The Owners Contractor shall advise the Owner of any adjustments to 
previous preliminary estimates of Construction Cost indicated by changes in 
requirements or general market conditions.
 
(Paragraphs deleted)
§ 2.5 BIDDING OR NEGOTIATION PHASE
 
The Architect, following the Owners approval of the Construction 
Documents, shall assist the Owner in obtaining bids or negotiated proposals 
and assist in awarding and preparing contracts for construction. 
Deliverables for the Bidding and Negotiation Phase shall be defined in 
Exhibit A (attached).
 
§ 2.6 CONSTRUCTION PHASEADMINISTRATION OF THE CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT
 
§ 2.6.1 The Architects responsibility to provide Basic Services for the 
Construction Phase under this Agreement commences with the notice from 
Owner of the issuance of Notice to Proceed to the Contractor and terminates 
at the earlier of the issuance to the Owner of the final Certificate for 
Payment or 6 months after the date of Substantial Completion of the Work.
 
§ 2.6.2 The Architect shall provide administration of the Contract for 
Construction as set forth below and in the edition of AIA Document A201, 
General Conditions of the Contract for Construction, current as of the date 
of this Agreement, unless otherwise provided in this Agreement. 
Modifications made to the General Conditions, when adopted as part of the 
Contract Documents, shall be enforceable under this Agreement only to the 
extent that they are consistent with this Agreement or approved in writing 
by the Architect.
 
§ 2.6.3 Duties, responsibilities and limitations of authority of the 
Architect under this Section 2.6 shall not be restricted, modified or 
extended without written agreement of the Owner and Architect.
 
§ 2.6.4 The Architect shall be a representative of and shall advise and 
consult with the Owner during the administration of the Contract for 
Construction. The Architect shall have authority to act on behalf of the 
Owner only to the extent provided in this Agreement unless otherwise 
modified by written amendment.
 
§ 2.6.5 The Architect, as a representative of the Owner, shall visit the 
site at intervals appropriate to the stage of the Contractors operations, 
or as otherwise agreed by the Owner and the Architect in Article 12, (1) to 
become generally familiar with and to keep the Owner informed about the 
progress and quality of the portion of the Work completed, (2) to endeavor 
to guard the Owner against defects and deficiencies in the Work, and (3) to 
determine in general if the Work is being performed in a manner indicating 
that the Work, when fully completed, will be in accordance with the 
Contract Documents. However, the Architect shall not be required to make 
exhaustive or continuous on-site observations to check the quality or 
quantity of the Work. The Architect shall neither have control over or 
charge of, nor be responsible for, the construction means, methods, 
techniques, sequences or procedures, or for safety precautions and programs 
in connection with the Work, since these are solely the Contractors rights 
and responsibilities under the Contract Documents.
 
§ 2.6.6 The Architect shall report to the Owner known deviations from the 
Contract Documents and from the most recent construction schedule submitted 
by the Contractor. However, the Architect shall not be responsible for the 
Contractors failure to perform the Work in accordance with the 
requirements of the Contract Documents. The Architect shall be responsible 
for the Architects negligent acts or omissions, but shall not have control 
over or charge of and shall not be responsible for acts or omissions of the 
Contractor, Subcontractors, or their agents or employees, or of any other 
persons or entities performing portions of the Work.
 
§ 2.6.7 The Architect shall at all times have access to the Work wherever 
it is in preparation or progress.
 
§ 2.6.8.The Owner shall endeavor to communicate with the Contractor through 
the Architect about matters arising out of or relating to the Contract 
Documents. Substantive meetings and conversations between the Owner and the 
Contractor shall be memorialized in writing with a copy to the Architect. 
Communications by and with the Architects consultants shall be through the 
Architect.
 
§ 2.6.9 CERTIFICATES FOR PAYMENT
 
§ 2.6.9.1 If requested by the Owner, the Architect shall review and certify 
to the Owner amounts due the Contractor on the Application for Payment (AIA 
Document G702) under the Architects Certificate for Payment section of the 
document.
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
§ 2.6.9.2 The Architect shall have authority to advise the Owner to reject 
Work that does not conform to the Contract Documents. Whenever the 
Architect considers it necessary or advisable, the Architect will have 
authority to recommend that the Owner require additional inspection or the 
testing of the Work in accordance with the provisions of the Contract 
Documents, whether or not such Work is fabricated, installed, or completed. 
However, neither this authority of the Architect nor a recommendation made 
in good faith either to exercise or not to exercise such authority shall 
give rise to a duty or a responsibility of the Architect to the contractor, 
Subcontractors, material and equipment suppliers, their agents or 
employees, or other persons performing portions of the Work.
 
§ 2.6.9.3 If requested by the Owner, the Architects certification as to 
payment shall not be a representation that the Architect has (l) made 
exhaustive or continuous on-site observations to check the quality or 
quantity of the Work, (2) reviewed construction means, methods, techniques, 
sequences or procedures, (3) reviewed copies of requisitions received from 
Subcontractors and material suppliers and other data requested by the Owner 
to substantiate the Contractors right to payment, or (4) ascertained how 
or for what purpose the Contractor has used money previously paid on 
account of the Contract Sum.
 
§ 2.6.10 The Architects review and comments and/or certification of 
payment requests shall constitute a representation to the Owner, based on 
the Architects observations at the site as provided in Section 2.6.5 and 
on the data comprising the Contractors Application for Payment, to the 
best of the Architects knowledge, information and belief that the Work has 
progressed to the point indicated and that, to the best of the Architects 
knowledge, information and belief, the quality of the Work is in general 
accordance with the Contract Documents. The foregoing representations are 
subject (1) to an evaluation of uncovered Work for conformance with the 
Contract Documents upon Substantial Completion, (2) to results of 
subsequent tests and inspections, (3) to correction of: minor deviations, 
from the Contract Documents prior to completion, and (4) to specific 
qualifications expressed by the Architect.
 
§ 2.6.11 The Owner shall require that the Contractor review and approve any 
submittal prior to submitting the same to the Architect. The Architect 
shall review and comment upon or take other appropriate action upon the 
Contractors submittals such as Shop Drawings, Product Data and Samples, 
but only for the limited purpose of checking for conformance with 
information given and the design concept expressed in the Contract 
Documents. The Architects action shall be taken with such reasonable 
promptness as to cause no unreasonable delay in the Work or in the 
activities of the Owner, Contractor or separate contractors, while allowing 
sufficient time in the Architects professional judgment to permit adequate 
review but shall not exceed a maximum review time of ten (10) business days 
 including any required Consultant(s) review, except in the event of 
exceptional circumstances. Review of such submittals is not conducted for 
the purpose of determining the accuracy and completeness of other details 
such as dimensions and quantities, or for substantiating instructions for 
installation or performance of equipment or systems, all of which remain 
the responsibility of the Contractor as required by the Contract Documents. 
The Architects review shall not constitute a review or approval of safety 
precautions or, unless otherwise specifically stated by the Architect of 
any construction means, methods, techniques, sequences or procedures. The 
Architects approval of or comments upon a specific item shall not indicate 
approval of an assembly of which the item is a component.
 
§ 2.6.11.1 The Architect shall maintain for ninety (90) days after 
substantial completion of the project a record of reviewed submittals and 
deliver all such submittal records to the Owner upon expiration of such 
ninety (90) day period.
 
§ 2.6.11.2 The Architect shall evaluate substitutions proposed by the 
Contractor, Owner or Owners Consultants as specified in the General 
Requirements section of the Construction Documents and shall advise the 
Owner as to the acceptability of such proposed substitutions. All 
substitutions shall be approved by the Owner.
 
§ 2.6.12 If professional design services or certifications by a design 
professional related to systems, materials or equipment are specifically 
required of the Contractor by the Contract Documents, the Architect shall 
specify appropriate performance and design criteria that such services must 
satisfy. Shop Drawings and other submittals related to the Work designed or 
certified by the design professional retained by the Contractor shall bear 
such professionals written approval when submitted to the Architect. The 
Architect shall be entitled to rely upon the adequacy, accuracy and 
completeness of the services, certifications or approvals performed by such 
design professionals.
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
§ 2.6.13 The Architect shall review Change Orders and Construction Change 
Directives, with supporting documentation and data if deemed necessary by 
the Architect as provided in Sections 3.1.1 and 3.3.3, for the Owners 
approval and execution in accordance with the Contract Documents, and may 
authorize minor changes in the Work not involving an adjustment in the 
Contract Sum or an extension of the Contract Time which are consistent with 
the intent of the Contract Documents.
 
§ 2.6.14 The Architect shall conduct observations to determine the date or 
dates of Substantial Completion and the date of final completion shall 
receive from the Contractor and forward to the Owner, for the Owners 
review and records, written warranties and related documents required by 
the Contract Documents and assembled by the Contractor, and shall issue a 
recommendation for payment upon the Contractors compliance with 
requirements of the Contract Documents.
 
§ 2.6.15 The Architect shall interpret and make recommendations concerning 
performance of the Owner and Contractor under, and requirements of, the 
Contract Documents on written request of either the Owner or Contractor. 
The Architects response to such requests shall be made in writing within 
any time limits agreed upon or otherwise with reasonable promptness.
 
§ 2.6.16 Interpretations and recommendations of the Architect shall be 
consistent with the intent of and reasonably inferable from the Contract 
Documents and shall be in writing or in the form of drawings. When making 
such interpretations and recommendations, the Architect shall endeavor to 
secure faithful performance by both Owner and Contractor, shall not show 
partiality to either, and shall not be liable for results of 
interpretations or recommendations so rendered in good faith.
 
§ 2.6.17 The Architect shall make recommendations on claims, disputes or 
other matters in question between the Owner and Contractor as provided in 
the Contract Documents.
 
§ 2.6.18 The Architect shall make recommendations on claims, disputes or 
other matters in question between the Owner and Contractor, except for 
those relating to aesthetic effect as provided in Section 2.6.17, shall be 
subject to mediation and arbitration as provided in this Agreement and in 
the Contract Documents.
 
§ 2.6.19 The Contractor may, after exercising due diligence to locate 
required information, request from the Architect clarification or 
interpretation of the requirements of the Construction Documents. The 
Architect shall, with reasonable promptness, respond to such Contractors 
requests for clarification or interpretation. However, if the information 
requested by the Contractor is apparent from field observations, is 
contained in the Construction Documents, Contract Documents or is 
reasonably inferable from them, the Contractor shall be responsible to the 
Owner for all reasonable costs charged by the Architect to the Owner for 
the Additional Services required to provide such information, pursuant, to 
Article 3, below.
 
§ 2.6.20 The Architect shall provide services required for the coordination 
with the installation of interior artwork and decorations as specified in 
the Construction Documents.
 
ARTICLE 3 ADDITIONAL SERVICES
 
§ 3.1 GENERAL
 
§ 3.1.1 The services described in this Article 3 are not included in Basic 
Services unless so identified in Article 12, and they shall be paid for by 
the Owner as provided in this Agreement, in addition to the compensation 
for Basic Services. The services described under Sections 3.2 and 3.4 shall 
only be provided if authorized or confirmed in writing by the Owner. If 
services described under Contingent Additional Services in Section 3.3 are 
required due to circumstances beyond the Architects control, the Architect 
shall notify the Owner prior to commencing such services. If the Owner 
deems that such services described under Section 3.3 are not required, the 
Owner shall give prompt written notice to the Architect. If the Owner 
indicates in writing that all or parts of such Contingent Additional 
Services are not required, the Architect shall have no obligation to 
provide those services.
 
§ 3.2 PROJECT REPRESENTATION BEYOND BASIC SERVICES
 
§ 3.2.1 If more extensive representation at the site than is described in 
Section 2.6.5 is required, the Architect shall provide one or more Project 
Representatives to assist in carrying out such additional on-site 
responsibilities.
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
§ 3.2.2 Project Representatives shall be selected, employed and directed by 
the Architect, and the Architect shall be compensated therefor as agreed by 
the Owner and Architect. The duties, responsibilities and limitations of 
authority of Project Representatives shall be as described in the edition 
of AIA Document B352 current as of the date of this Agreement, unless 
otherwise agreed. The Owner shall have approval rights over Project 
Representatives selected by the Architect, with such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld.
 
§ 3.2.3 Through the presence at the site of such Project Representatives, 
the Architect shall endeavor to provide further protection for the Owner 
against defects and deficiencies in the Work, but the furnishing of such 
project representation shall not modify the rights, responsibilities or 
obligations of the Architect as described elsewhere in this Agreement.
 
§ 3.3 CONTINGENT ADDITIONAL SERVICES
 
§ 3.3.1 Making revisions drawings, specifications or other documents when 
such revisions are:
 
     .1                        inconsistent with approvals or instructions
     previously given by the Owner, including revisions made necessary by
     adjustments in the Owners program or Project budget;
     .2                        required by the enactment or revision of
     codes, laws or regulations subsequent to the preparation of such
     documents, or
     .3                        due to changes required as a result of the
     Owners failure to render decisions in a timely manner.
      
§ 3.3.2 Providing, services required because of significant changes in the 
Project including, but not limited to, size quality, complexity, the 
Owners schedule, or the method of bidding or negotiating and contracting 
for construction, except for services required under Section 5.2.5.
 
§ 3.3.3 Preparing Drawings, Specifications and other documentation and 
supporting data, evaluating Contractors proposals, and providing other 
services in connection with Change Orders and Construction Change 
Directives.
 
§ 3.3.4 Revising Drawings, Specifications and other documentation resulting 
from Owner approved substitutions.
 
§ 3.3.5 Providing consultation concerning replacement of Work damaged by 
fire or other cause during construction, and furnishing services required 
in connection with the replacement of such Work.
 
§ 3.3.6 Providing services made necessary by the default of the Contractor, 
by major defects or deficiencies in the Work of the Contractor, or by 
failure of performance of either the Owner or Contractor under the Contract 
for Construction.
 
§ 3.3.7 Providing services in evaluating an extensive number of claims 
submitted by the Contractor or others in connection with the Work.
 
§ 3.3.8 Providing services in connection with a public hearing, a dispute 
resolution proceeding or a legal proceeding except where the Architect is 
party thereto.
 
§ 3.3.9 Preparing documents for alternate, separate or sequential bids.
 
§ 3.4 OPTIONAL ADDITIONAL SERVICES
 
§ 3.4.1 Providing analyses of the Owners needs and programming the 
requirements of the Project.
 
§ 3.4.2 Providing financial feasibility or other special studies.
 
§ 3.4.3 Providing planning surveys, site evaluations or comparative studies 
of prospective sites.
 
§ 3.4.4 Providing special surveys, environmental studies and submissions 
required for approvals of governmental authorities or others having 
jurisdiction over the Project.
 
§ 3.4.5 Providing services relative to future facilities, systems and 
equipment.
 
§ 3.4.6 Providing services to investigate existing conditions or facilities 
or to make measured drawings thereof.
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
§ 3.4.7 Providing services to verify the accuracy of drawings and other 
information furnished by the Owner.
 
§ 3.4.8 Providing coordination of construction performed by separate 
contractors or by the Owners own forces and coordination of services 
required in connection with construction performed and equipment supplied 
by the Owner.
 
§ 3.4.9 Providing services in connection with the work of a construction 
manager or separate consultants retained by the Owner.
 
§ 3.4.10 Providing detailed estimates of Construction Cost.
 
§ 3.4.11 Providing detailed quantity surveys or inventories of material, 
equipment and labor.
 
§ 3.4.12 Providing analyses of owning and operating costs.
 
§ 3.4.13 Providing services required for or in connection with the 
procurement or installation of furniture, furnishings and related 
equipment, other than the coordination with the installation of interior 
artwork and decorations as described in paragraph § 2.6.20.
 
§ 3.4.14 Providing services for planning tenant or rental spaces.
 
§ 3.4.15 Making investigations, inventories of materials or equipment, or 
valuations and detailed appraisals of existing facilities.
 
§ 3.4.16 Preparing a set of reproducible record drawings showing 
significant changes in the Work made during construction based on marked-up 
prints, drawings and other data furnished by the Contractor to the 
Architect.
 
§ 3.4.17 Providing assistance in the utilization of equipment or systems 
such as testing, adjusting and balancing, preparation of operation and 
maintenance manuals, training personnel for operation and maintenance, and 
consultation during operation
 
§ 3.4.18 Providing services after issuance to the Owner of the final 
Certificate for Payment, or in the absence of a final Certificate for 
Payment, more than 60 days after the date of Substantial Completion of the 
Work.
 
§ 3.4.19 Providing services of engineers and consultants other than those 
described in Paragraph 12.1 as a part of the Basic Services
 
§ 3.4.20 Providing any other services not otherwise included in this 
Agreement or not customarily furnished in accordance with generally 
accepted architectural practice.
 
ARTICLE 4 OWNERS RESPONSIBILITIES
 
§ 4.1 The Owner shall provide full information in a timely manner regarding 
requirements for and limitations on the Project, including a written 
program which shall set forth the Owners objectives, schedule, constraints 
and criteria, including space requirement and relationships, flexibility, 
expandability, special equipment, systems and site requirements, 
specifically including a slot and gaming layout (including change booths, 
carousels, coin banks, etc.). The Owner shall furnish to the Architect, 
within 15 days after receipt of a written request, information necessary 
and relevant for the Architect to evaluate, give notice of or enforce lien 
rights.
 
§ 4.2 The Owner shall establish and periodically update an overall budget 
for the Project, including the Construction Cost, the Owners other costs 
and reasonable contingencies related to all of these costs.
 
§ 4.3 The Owner shall designate a representative authorized to act on the 
Owners behalf with respect to the Project. The Owner or such designated 
representative shall render decisions in a timely manner pertaining to 
documents submitted by the Architect in order to avoid unreasonable delay 
in the orderly and sequential progress of the Architects services.
 
§ 4.4 The Owner shall furnish all existing surveys to describe physical 
characteristics, legal limitations and utility locations for the site of 
the Project, and a written legal description of the site. The surveys and 
legal information
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987, and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
shall include, as applicable, grades and lines of streets, alleys, payments 
and adjoining property and structures; adjacent drainage; rights-of-way, 
flood plains, restrictions, easements, encroachments, zoning, deed 
restrictions, boundaries and contours of the site; locations, dimensions 
and necessary data with respect to existing buildings, other improvements 
and trees; and information concerning available utility services and lines, 
both public and private, above and below grade, including inverts and 
depths. The Civil Engineer (selected by the Owner but retained through the 
Architect at the Owners specific request) shall, upon the further written 
request of the Owner, provide additional surveys as are reasonably required 
for the scope of the Project. All the information on the survey shall be 
referenced to a Project benchmark.
 
§ 4.5 The Owner shall furnish the services of geotechnical engineers. Such 
services may include but are not limited to test borings, test pits, 
determinations of soil bearing values, percolation tests, evaluations of 
hazardous materials and hazardous materials storage, ground corrosion tests 
and resistively tests, including necessary operations for anticipating 
subsoil conditions, with reports and appropriate recommendations.
 
§ 4.6 The Owner shall furnish the services of consultants as described in 
Paragraph 12.2 and such consultants other than those specifically 
designated in this Agreement when such services are request by the 
Architect and/or are reasonably required by the scope of the project. The 
Owner agrees to require all consultants engaged by the owner to coordinate 
their construction documents or reports with those of the Architect and to 
promptly report any conflicts or inconsistencies to the Architect and to 
cooperate fully with the Architect in the resolution of those conflicts or 
inconsistencies. While the Architect shall be responsible for coordinating 
its work with that of the professional services of all consultants on the 
Project whether retained by the Owner or Architect, this coordination shall 
not absolve or release contractors or other design professionals from 
complying with their respective standards of care. The Architect is not 
responsible for errors and omissions of consultants it does not retain.
 
§ 4.7 The Owner shall furnish structural, mechanical, and chemical tests; 
tests for air and water pollution; tests for hazardous materials; and other 
laboratory and environmental tests, inspections and reports required by law 
or the Contract Documents.
 
§ 4.8 The Owner shall furnish all legal, accounting and insurance services 
that may be necessary at any time for the Project to meet the Owners needs 
and interests. Such services shall include auditing services the Owner may 
require to verify the Contractors Applications for Payment or to ascertain 
how or for what purposes the Contractor has used the money paid by or on 
behalf of the Owner.
 
§ 4.9 The services, information, surveys and reports required by Sections 
4.4 through 4.8 shall be furnished at the Owners expense, and the 
Architect shall be entitled to rely upon the accuracy and completeness 
thereof.
 
§ 4.10 The Owner shall provide prompt written notice to the Architect if 
the Owner becomes aware of any fault or defect in the Project, including 
any errors, omissions or inconsistencies in the Architects Instruments of 
Service.
 
ARTICLE 5 CONSTRUCTION COST
 
§ 5.1 DEFINITION
 
§ 5.1.1 The Construction Cost shall be the total cost or, to the extent the 
Project is not completed, the estimated cost to the Owner of all elements 
of the Project designed or specified by the Architect.
 
§ 5.1.2 The Construction Cost shall include the cost at current market 
rates of labor and materials furnished by the Owner and equipment designed, 
specified, selected or specially provided for by the Architect, including 
the costs of management or supervision of construction or installation 
provided by a separate construction manager or contractor, plus a 
reasonable allowance for their overhead and profit. In addition, a 
reasonable allowance for contingencies shall be included for market 
conditions at the time of bidding and for changes in the Work.
 
§ 5.1.3 Construction Cost does not include the compensation of the 
Architect and the Architects consultants, the costs of the land, 
rights-of-way and financing or other costs that are the responsibility of 
the Owner as provided in Article 4.
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
§ 5.2 RESPONSIBILITY FOR CONSTRUCTION COST
 
§ 5.2.1 The preparation of the Owners budget, preliminary estimate of 
Construction Cost and detailed estimates of Construction Cost, if any, 
and/or evaluations of the same shall be the responsibility of the Owner, 
and prepared by the Owner and/or Owners cost estimator or contractor.
 
§ 5.2.2 No fixed limit of Constructions Cost shall be established as a 
condition of this Agreement by the furnishing, proposal or establishment of 
a Project budget. The Architect has no responsibility for costs or budgets. 
Revisions to the design and documentation for elements of the Project which 
had previously been approved by the Owner, necessary to bring the Project 
into compliance with any budget will be provided as additional services.
 
§ 5.2.2.1 Value Engineering and/or Owner Directed Changes. If the Owner 
retains the services of a Value Engineer (VE) (whether it be a cost 
estimator, the contractor or otherwise) to review the Construction 
Documents prepared by the Architect, it shall be at the Owners sole 
expense and shall be performed in a timely manner so as not to delay the 
orderly process of the Architects services. The Owner shall promptly 
notify the Architect of the identity of the VE and shall define the VEs 
scope of services and responsibilities for the Architect. All 
recommendations of the VE and all Owner Requested Changes shall be given to 
the Architect for review, and adequate time will be provided for the 
Architect to respond to these recommendations. If the Architect objects to 
any recommendations made by the VE and/or any Owner Requested Changes, it 
shall so state in writing to the Owner, along with the reasons for 
objecting. In addition, the Architect shall be compensated as Additional 
Service for services necessary to incorporate recommended value engineering 
changes and Owner requested changes into the Construction Documents 
provided such incorporation requires revisions to previously approved and 
completed work. Exclusive of the preparation of detailed engineering 
calculations, the Architect shall provide as part of the Basic Services all 
services to prepare for, review, evaluate and respond to the 
recommendations of the VE and Owner requested changes.
 
(Paragraphs deleted)
ARTICLE 6 USE OF ARCHITECTS INSTRUMENTS OF SERVICE
 
§ 6.1 Drawings, specifications and other documents, including those in 
electronic form, prepared by the Architect and the Architects consultants 
are Instruments of Service for use solely with respect to this Project. The 
Architect and the Architects consultants shall be deemed the authors and 
owners of their respective Instruments of Service and shall retain all 
common law, statutory and other reserved rights, including copyrights.
 
§ 6.2 The Owner acknowledges the Architects construction documents, 
including electronic files, as instruments of professional service which 
shall remain the property of Architect. Nevertheless, copies of the final 
construction documents or electronic media and a complete set of AutoCad 
electronic files corresponding in content to the final Construction 
Documents prepared under this Agreement will be provided to the Owner upon 
completion of the services and payment in full of all monies due to the 
Architect. The Owner shall not reuse or make any modification to the 
construction documents without the prior written authorization of the 
Architect. The parties further acknowledge that Buzz Saw is being utilized 
for this Project and all electronic files posted through and to the Buzz 
Saw site are likewise governed by the terms and conditions for electronic 
files as set forth below. The Owner agrees, to the fullest extent permitted 
by law, to indemnify and hold harmless the Architect, its officers, 
directors, employees and subconsultants (collectively Architect) against 
any damages, liabilities or costs, including reasonable attorneys fees mid 
defense costs, arising from or allegedly arising from or in any way 
connected with the unauthorized reuse or modification of the construction 
documents or electronic media by the Owner or any person or entity that 
acquires or obtains the construction documents or electronic media from or 
through the Owner without authorization of the Architect.
 
§ 6.3 Owner and Architect each binds itself, its successors, assigns and 
legal representatives to the other party hereto and to the successors, 
assignees and legal representatives of such party in respect to all 
covenants, agreements and obligations contained in the Agreement. The Owner 
may transfer, sell or assign these rights to any third party. The Owners 
right to transfer, sell, or assign these rights to any third party, 
including any future owner of the Project, shall be conditioned upon 
acceptance of the terms and conditions herein by the new owner unless the 
new owner is an entity which is related to the Owner. Furthermore, if the 
Architect objects to any such proposed assignment to a future owner of the 
Project (Purchaser), and/or the Agreement terminates, the Purchaser 
(other than a new owner entity which is related to Owner) shall agree that; 
(i) the Architects name and contact information shall be removed from the 
Construction Documents; (ii) all invoices properly due Architect shall be 
paid; (iii) Purchaser waives all claims relating to the use of the 
instruments of service and agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless 
Architect for any claims, liabilities or damages arising out of or relating 
to the use of the instruments
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151   1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted or the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
of service or in any way connected with the Project; and (iv) Architect 
shall be allowed to resign as the Architect of Record for the Project.
 
§ 6.4 Prior to the Architect providing to the Owner any Instruments of 
Service in electronic form or the Owner providing to the Architect any 
electronic data for incorporation into the Instruments of Service, the 
Owner and the Architect shall by separate written agreement set forth the 
specific conditions governing the format of such Instruments of Service or 
electronic data.
 
§ 6.4.1 The Architects instruments of service hereunder are the printed 
hardcopy drawings and specifications issued for the Project, whereas, the 
electronic media, including CAD files, are tools for preparation. In the 
event of a conflict, however, the/printed copies will take precedence over 
the electronic media.
 
§ 6.4.2 The Architect shall retain ownership of the electronic media. The 
Owner is granted a license for its use, but only in the operation, 
maintenance, modification, extension, or expansion of the Project. Use of 
the materials for any other Project by any entity other than the Architect 
shall not be allowed.
 
§ 6.5 If the Architect is terminated or is not allowed to complete all the 
services called for by this Agreement through no fault of its own, and if 
Owner decides to complete the project through the use of another design 
professional and uses the instruments of services, the Architect shall not 
be held responsible for the accuracy, completeness or constructability of 
the construction documents prepared by the Architect if used, changed or 
completed by the Owner or by another party. Furthermore, if the Owner 
decides to complete the project through the use of another design 
professional and uses the instruments of services, Owner agrees to the 
following conditions:
 
     a.                         Architect will remove his name from the
     Construction Documents;
     b.                        Owner waives all claims against Architect
     related to the use of the instruments of service or in any way
     connected with the Project;
     c.                         Owner will defend, indemnify and hold
     harmless the Architect for any claims, liabilities or damages arising
     out of or related to the use of the instruments of service or in any
     way connected with the Project except where such claims are caused by
     sole negligence or willful misconduct of Architect;
     d.                        All invoices due the Architect must be paid
     in full.
      
ARTICLE 7 DISPUTE RESOLUTION
 
§7.1 MEDIATION
 
§ 7.1.1 Any claim, dispute or other matter in question arising out of or 
related to this Agreement shall be subject to mediation as a condition 
precedent to arbitration or the institution of legal or equitable 
proceedings by either party. If such matter relates to or is the subject of 
a lien arising out of the Architects services, the Architect may proceed 
in accordance with applicab1e law to comply with the lien notice or filing 
deadlines prior to resolution of the matter by mediation or by arbitration.
 
§ 7.1.2 The Owner and Architect shall endeavor to resolve claims, disputes 
and other matters in question between them by mediation which, unless the 
parties mutually agree otherwise, shall be in accordance with the 
Construction Industry Mediation Rules of the American Arbitration 
Association currently in effect. Request for mediation shall be filed in 
writing with the other party to this Agreement and with the American 
Arbitration Association. The request may be made concurrently with the 
filing of a demand for arbitration but, in such event, mediation shall 
proceed in advance of arbitration or legal or equitable proceedings, which 
shall be stayed pending mediation for a period of 60 days from the date of 
filing, unless stayed for a longer period by agreement of the parties or 
court order.
 
§ 7.1.3 The parties shall share the mediators fee and any filing fees 
equally. The mediation shall be held in the place where the Project is 
located, unless another location is mutually agreed upon. Agreements 
reached in mediation shall be enforceable as settlement agreements in any 
court having jurisdiction thereof.
 
§ 7.2 ARBITRATION
 
§ 7.2.1 Any claim, dispute or other matter in question arising out of or 
related to this Agreement shall be subject to arbitration. Prior to 
arbitration, the parties shall endeavor to resolve disputes by mediation in 
accordance with Section 7.1.
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
§ 7.2.2 Claims, disputes and other matters in question between the parties 
that are not resolved by mediation may be decided by arbitration which, 
unless the parties mutually agree otherwise, shall be in accordance with 
the Construction Industry Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration 
Association currently in effect. The demand for arbitration shall be filed 
in writing with the other party to this Agreement and with the American 
Arbitration Association.
 
§ 7.2.3 A demand for arbitration shall be made within a reasonable time 
after the claim, dispute or other matter in question has arisen. In no 
event shall the demand for arbitration be made after the date when 
institution of legal or equitable proceedings based on such claim, dispute 
or other matter in question would be barred by the applicable statute of 
limitations.
 
§ 7.2.4 No arbitration arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall 
include, by consolidation or joinder or in any other manner, an additional 
person or entity not a party to this Agreement, except by written consent 
containing a specific reference to this Agreement and signed by the Owner, 
Architect, and any other person or entity sought to be joined. Consent to 
arbitration involving an additional person or entity shall not constitute 
consent to arbitration of any claim, dispute or other matter in question 
not described in the written consent or with a person or entity not named 
or described therein. The foregoing agreement to arbitrate and other 
agreements to arbitrate with an additional person or entity duly consented 
to by parties to this Agreement shall be specifically enforceable in 
accordance with applicable law in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
 
§ 7.2.5 The award rendered by the arbitrator or arbitrators shall be final, 
and judgment may be entered upon it in accordance with applicable law in 
any court having jurisdiction thereof.
 
§ 7.3 CIAIMS FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
 
The Architect and Owner waive consequential damages for claims, disputes or 
other matters in question arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 
This mutual waiver is applicable, without limitation, to all consequential 
damages due to either partys termination in accordance with Article 8. 
Consequential damages include, but are not limited to, loss of use and loss 
of profit, loss of business, loss of income, loss of reputation or any 
other consequential damages that either party may have incurred from any 
cause of action including negligence, strict liability, breach of contract 
and breach of strict or implied warranty.
 
§ 7.3.1 The Architect and its consultants shall perform, without expense to 
the Owner, such professional services as may be required to correct or 
remedy any negligent act, error or omission of the Architect or its 
consultants; however, the Architect will not be responsible beyond such 
corrective professional services for any damages resulting from the 
Architects or its consultants services.
 
§ 7.4 LIMIT OF LIABILITY
 
§ 7.4.1 To the fullest extent permitted by law, and notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Agreement, the total liability, in the aggregate, 
of Architect and Architects officers, directors, partners, employees, 
agents, and Architects consultants, and any of them, to Owner and anyone 
claiming by through, or under Owner for any and all claims, losses, costs, 
or damages whatsoever arising out of, resulting from or in any way related 
to the Project or the Agreement from any cause or causes, including but not 
limited to the negligence, professional errors or omissions, strict 
liability or breach of contract, or warranty, express or implied, of 
Architect or Architects officers, directors, partners, employees, agents, 
or Architects consultants, or any of them, shall not exceed the total 
amount of the available amount of Architects professional liability 
insurance, at the time of settlement or judgment.
 
§ 7.4.2 Consultant/Subconsultant Limitation in Addition to Architects 
Limitation. Owner understands and recognizes that Architect intends to 
employ consultants/sub-consultants on this Project. The limitation of 
liability set forth in Paragraph 7.4.1, above, shall exclude and shall not 
apply to any amounts paid or payable by any Consultant/Subconsultant or by 
any insurer on behalf of any Consultant/Subconsultant. The Limitation of 
each Consultant/Subconsultant shall likewise be no greater than each 
Consultants/Subconsultants available insurance policy limits at the time 
of judgment or settlement. However, the limitation of liability of each 
Consultant/Subconsultant shall be in addition to that of the Architect, as 
set forth in § 7.4.1. (By way of example only, if Architect has $1 million 
in available coverage, and the structural engineer has $1 million in 
available coverage, there is potentially $2 million available for a claim 
that involved the negligence of both the architect and structural engineer. 
However, the limitation of liability of the architect and engineer shall be 
applied separately and
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
distinctly from the other.).
 
ARTICLE 8 TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION
 
§ 8.1 If the Owner fails to make payments to the Architect in accordance 
with this Agreement, such failure shall be considered substantial 
nonperformance and cause for termination or, at the Architects option, 
cause for suspension of performance of services under this Agreement. If 
the Architect elects to suspend services, prior to suspension of services, 
the Architect shall give seven days written notice to the Owner. In the 
event of a suspension of services, the Architect shall have no liability to 
the Owner for delay or damage caused the Owner because of such suspension 
of services. Before resuming services, the Architect shall be paid all sums 
due prior to suspension and any expenses incurred in the interruption and 
resumption of the Architects services. The Architects fees for the 
remaining services and the time schedules shall be equitably adjusted.
 
§ 8.2 If the Project is suspended by the Owner for more than 30 consecutive 
days, the Architect shall be compensated for services performed prior to 
notice of such suspension. When the Project is resumed, the Architect shall 
be compensated for expanses incurred in the interruption and resumption of 
the Architects services. The Architects fees for the remaining services 
and the time schedules shall be equitably adjusted.
 
§ 8.3 If the project is suspended or the Architects services are suspended 
for more than 90 consecutive days, the Architect may terminate this 
Agreement by giving not less than seven days written notice.
 
§ 8.4 This Agreement may be terminated by either party upon not less than 
seven days written notice should the other party fail substantially to 
perform in accordance with the terms of this Agreement through no fault of 
the party initiating the termination.
 
§ 8.5 This Agreement may be terminated by the Owner upon not less than 
seven days written notice to the Architect for the Owners convenience and 
without cause.
 
§ 8.6 In the event of termination not the fault of the Architect, the 
Architect shall be compensated for services performed prior to termination, 
together with Reimbursable Expenses then due and all Termination Expenses 
as defined in Section 8.7.
 
§ 8.7 Termination Expenses are in addition to compensation for the services 
of the Agreement and include expenses directly attributable to termination 
for which the Architect is not otherwise compensated.
 
ARTICLE 9 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
 
§ 9.1 This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the principal place of 
business of the Architect, unless otherwise provided in Article 12.
 
§ 9.2 Terms in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as those in the 
edition of AIA Document A201, General Conditions of the Contract for 
Construction, current as of the date of this Agreement.
 
§ 9.3  Intentionally deleted -
 
§ 9.4 To the extent damages are covered by property insurance during 
construction, the Owner and Architect waive all rights against each other 
and against the consultants, agents and employees of the other for damages, 
except such rights as they may have to the proceeds of such insurance as 
set forth in the edition of AIA Document A201, General Conditions of the 
Contract for Construction, current as of the date of this Agreement. The 
Owner or the Architect, as appropriate, shall require of the contractors, 
consultants, agents and employees of any of them similar waivers in favor 
of the other parties enumerated herein.
 
§ 9.5 The Owner and Architect, respectively, bind themselves, their 
partners, successors, assigns and legal representatives to the other party 
to this Agreement and to the partners, successors, assigns and legal 
representatives of such other party with respect to all covenants of this 
Agreement. Neither the Owner nor the Architect shall assign this Agreement 
without the written consent of the other, except that the Owner may assign 
this Agreement to an institutional lender providing financing for the 
Project. In such event, the lender shall assume the Owners rights and 
obligations under this Agreement. The Architect shall execute all consents 
reasonably required to facilitate such assignment. However, the Architect 
shall not be required to execute any documents subsequent to the signing of
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
this Agreement that in any way might increase the Architects contractual 
or legal obligations or risks, or adversely affect the availability or cost 
of its professional or general liability insurance.
 
§ 9.6 This Agreement represents the entire and integrated agreement between 
the Owner and the Architect and supersedes all prior negotiations, 
representations or agreements, either written or oral. This Agreement may 
be amended only by written instrument signed by both Owner and Architect.
 
§ 9.7 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall create a contractual 
relationship with or a cause of action in favor of a third party against 
either the Owner or Architect. The Architects services under this 
Agreement are being performed solely for the Owners benefit, and no other 
party or entity shall have any claim against the Architect because of this 
Agreement or the performance or nonperformance of services hereunder.
 
§ 9.8 The Architect and Architects consultants shall have no 
responsibility for the discovery, presence, handling, removal or disposal 
of or exposure of persons to hazardous materials or toxic substances in any 
form at the Project site.
 
§ 9.9 The Architect shall have the right to include photographic or 
artistic representations of the design of the Project among the Architects 
promotional and professional materials. The Architect shall be given 
reasonable access to the completed Project to make such representations. 
However, the Architects materials shall not include the Owners 
confidential or proprietary information if the Owner has previously advised 
the Architect in writing of the specific information considered by the 
Owner to be confidential or proprietary. The Owner shall provide 
professional credit for the Architect in the Owners promotional materials 
for the Project.
 
§ 9.10 If the Owner requests the Architect to execute certificates, the 
proposed language of such certificates shall be submitted to the Architect 
for review at least 14 days prior to the requested dates of execution. The 
Architect shall not be required to execute certificates that would require 
knowledge, services or responsibilities beyond the scope of this Agreement. 
As used herein, the word certify shall mean an expression of the 
Architects professional opinion to the best of its information, knowledge 
and belief, and does not constitute a warranty or guarantee by the 
Architect.
 
§ 9.11 Any conflicts between the Professional Services Fee Proposal 
(annexed to this Agreement as Exhibit A) and the other provisions of this 
Agreement shall be resolved in favor of such other provisions.
 
ARTICLE 10 PAYMENTS TO THE ARCHITECT
 
§ 10.1 DIRECT PERSONNEL EXPENSE
 
Direct Personnel Expense is defined as the direct salaries of the 
Architects personnel engaged on the Project and the portion of the cost of 
their mandatory and customary contributions and benefits related thereto, 
such as employment taxes and other statutory employee benefits, insurance, 
sick leave, holidays, vacations, employee retirement plans and similar 
contributions.
 
§ 10.2 REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES
 
§ 10.2.1 Reimbursable Expenses are in addition to compensation for Basic 
and Additional Services and include expenses incurred by the Architect and 
Architects employees and consultants directly related to the Project, as 
identified in the following Clauses:
 
     .1                        transportation in connection with the
     Project outside of Las Vegas, authorized out-of-town travel (air
     travel to be limited to coach fares when available) and subsistence,
     and electronic communications;
     .2                        fees paid for securing approval of
     authorities having jurisdiction over the Project;
     .3                        reproductions, plots, standard form
     documents, postage, handling and delivery of Instruments of Service;
     .4                        expense of overtime work requiring higher
     than regular rates if authorized in advance by the Owner;
     .5                        renderings, models and mock-ups requested by
     the Owner;
     .6                        expense of professional liability insurance
     dedicated exclusively to this Project or the expense of additional
     insurance coverage or limits requested by the Owner in excess of that
     normally carried by the Architect and the Architects consultants
     subject to the prior written approval of the Owner;
     .7                        reimbursable expenses as designated in
     Article 12;
     .8                        other similar direct Project-related
     expenditures.
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151   1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
§ 10.3 PAYMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF BASIC SERVICES
 
§ 10.3.1 An initial payment as set forth in Section 11.1 is the minimum 
payment under this Agreement.
 
§ 10.3.2 Subsequent payments for Basic Services shall be made monthly and, 
where applicable, shall be in proportion to services performed within each 
phase of service, on the basis set forth in Section 11.2.2.
 
§ 10.3.3 If and to the extent that the time initially established in 
Section 11.5.1 of this Agreement is exceeded or extended through no fault 
of the Architect, compensation for any services rendered during the 
additional period of time shall be computed as a lump sum change to the 
Basic Services generally consistent with the methods established in Section 
11.2.2 as applied to the added durations, in so far as the added duration 
is limited to a timely and prudent extensions the schedule.
 
(Paragraphs deleted)
§ 10.4 PAYMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF ADDITIONAL SERVICES
 
Payments on account of the Architects Additional Services and for 
Reimbursable Expenses shall be made monthly upon presentation of the 
Architects statement of services rendered or expenses incurred.
 
§ 10.5 PAYMENTS WITHHELD
 
No deductions shall be made from the Architects compensation on account of 
penalty, liquidated damages or other sums withheld from payments to 
contractors, or on account of the cost of changes in the Work other than 
those for which the Architect has been adjudged to be liable.
 
§ 10.6 ARCHITECTS ACCOUNTING RECORDS
 
Records of Reimbursable Expenses and expenses pertaining to Additional 
Services and services performed on the basis of hourly rates or a mu1tiple 
of Direct Personnel Expense shall be available to the Owner or the Owners 
authorized representative at mutually convenient times.
 
ARTICLE 11 BASIS OF COMPENSATION
 
The Owner shall compensate the Architect as follows:
 
§ 11.1 An Initial Payment of Zero ($0) shall be made upon execution of this 
Agreement and credited to the Owners account at final payment.
 
§ 11.2 BASIC COMPENSATION
 
§ 11.2.1 For Basic Services, as described in Article 2, and any other 
services included in Article 12 as part of Basic Services, Basic 
Compensation shall be computed as follows:
 
(Insert basis of compensation, including stipulated sums, multiples or 
percentages, and identify phases to which particular methods of 
compensation apply, if necessary.)
 
The proposed Professional Services Fee for the Project Scope of Work 
Described above shall be based on a Fixed Fee amount of Two Million, Eight 
Hundred Ninety-Two Thousand Nine Hundred Dollars ($2,892,900.00).
 
§ 11.2.2 Progress payments for Basic Services in each phase shall total the 
following percentages of the total Basic Compensation payable:
 
(Insert additional phases as appropriate.)
 
 Schematic Design Phase:
 
Twenty
 
percent
 
(20
)%
$
578,580.00
 
 Design Development Phase:
 
Twenty
 
percent
 
(20
)%
$
578,580.00
 
 Construction Documents Phase:
 
Fifty
 
percent
 
(50
)%
$
1,446,450.00
 
 Bidding or Negotiation Phase:
 
Zero
 
percent
 
(0
)%
-0-
 
 Construction Phase:
 
Ten
 
percent
 
(10
)%
$
289,290.00
 
 Total Basic Compensation
 
one hundred
 
percent
 
(100.00
)%
$
2,892,900.00
 
 
§ 11.3 COMPENSATION FOR ADDITIONAL SERVICES
 
§ 11.3.1 For Project Representation Beyond Basic Services, as described in 
Section 3.2, compensation shall be computed as follows:
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
§ 11.3.2 For Additional Services of the Architect, as described in Articles 
3 and 12, other than (1) Additional Project Representation, as described in 
Section 3.2, and (2) services included in Article 12 as part of Basic 
Services, but excluding services of consultants, compensation shall be 
computed using a multiplier of two and one-half (2.5) times the Architects 
direct payroll cost.
 
(Insert basis of compensation, including rates and multiples of Direct 
Personnel Expense for Principals and employees, and identify Principals and 
classify employees, if required. Identify specific services to which 
particular methods of compensation apply, if necessary.)
 
Following are YWS Architects billable hourly rates for time and material 
services beyond those described herein:
 
 Principal:
 
$
280.00
 
 Project Architect:
 
$
185.00
 
 Job Captain:
 
$
125.00
 
 Draftsman:
 
$
100.00
 
 Administrative:
 
$
65.00
 
 
Design changes greater than plus or minus 10% of gross building area to the 
established Scope of Work are subject to a modification to the fee as 
outlined above. Such modifications will be submitted as a request for 
Additional Services.
 
§ 11.3.3 For Additional Services of Consultants, including additional 
structural, mechanical and electrical engineering services and those 
provided under Section 3.4.19 or identified in Article 12 as part of 
Additional Services, a multiple of one and one-quarter (1.25) times the 
amounts billed to the Architect for such services.
 
(Identify specific types of consultants in Article 12, if required.)
 
§ 11.4 REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES
 
For Reimbursable Expenses, as described in Section 10.2, and any other 
items included in Article 12 as Reimbursable Expenses, a multiple of one 
and one-tenth (1.10) times the expenses incurred by the Architect, the 
Architect employees and consultants directly related to the Project.
 
§ 11.5 ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS
 
§ 11.5.1 If the Basic Services covered by this Agreement have not been 
completed within eighteen (18) months of the date hereof, through no fault 
of the Architect, extension of the Architects services beyond that time 
shall be compensated as provided in Sections 10.3.3 and 11.3.2.
 
§ 11.5.2 Payments are due and payable thirty (30) days from the date of the 
Architects invoice. Amounts unpaid sixty (60) days after the invoice date 
shall bear interest at the rate entered below.
(Insert rate of interest agreed upon.)
 
10.00% per annum
 
(Usury laws and requirements under the Federal Truth in Lending Act, 
similar state and local consumer credit laws and other regulations at the 
Owners and Architects principal places of business, the location of the 
Project and elsewhere may affect the validity of this provision. Specific 
legal advice should be obtained with respect to deletions or modifications, 
and also regarding requirements such as written disclosures or waivers.)
 
§ 11.5.3 The rates and multiples set forth for Additional Services shall be 
adjusted in accordance with the normal salary review practices of the 
Architect.
 
ARTICLE 12 OTHER CONDITIONS OR SERVICES
 
(Insert descriptions of other services, identify Additional Services 
included within Basic Compensation and modifications to the payment and 
compensation terms included in this Agreement.)
 
§ 12.1 ARCHITECTS ENGINEERS and CONSULTANTS
 
§ 12.1.1 The following Consultants will be provided to the Project on an 
as-needed basis as part of the Architects Design Team and the fees 
therefore are included in the Architects Compensation for Basic Services:
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Site Survey
 
IIW Engineering
 
 
 
Civil Engineering and Landscape Architecture
 
Yaggy Colby and Associates
 
 
 
Structural Engineering
 
Barker Drottar Associates
 
 
 
Interior Design & FFE Specifications
 
Studio Forma
 
 
 
Food Service Design
 
Clevenger & Associates
M/P/E, Audio/Visual, Low-Voltage, Telecommunications, Data, Security & 
Surveillance Engineering, Acoustics Review, Fire Alarm 
Specification/Performance Design and Review, Fire Sprinkler Systems Design, 
Layout and Review, including Head End Equipment Specifications for same.
 
JBA Consulting Engineers
 
 
 
Architectural Lighting, Theatrical Lighting & Rigging Design, Exterior 
Façade/Building Lighting, Site Lighting
 
CD+M Lighting Design Group
 
 
 
Exterior Closure, Roofing & Waterproofing
 
IBA Consultants, Inc.
 
 
 
Vertical Transportation Systems
 
HKA Elevator Consulting
 
 
 
Interior Signage & Way Finding
 
Egads!
 
 
 
Project Manual: and Specifications
 
The Spectra Group
 
§12.2 OWNERS CONSULTANTS
 
§ 12.2.1 The following Consultants may be required for the Project and are 
to be provided for and paid by others as required:
 
   Consulting Services not specifically referenced above, including (but
   not limited to):
    
                                     Traffic Impact Analysis and Report
                                     Technical Drainage Study
                                     Off-site Improvement Design (Roadway,
        Signal, Etc.)
                                     Fire Alarm System Engineering
                                     Fire Sprinkler Engineering
                                     Plan Check and/or Peer Review
        Services
         
   All Environmental Assessment Investigations and Reports
    
                                     Geotechnical Engineering Services
         
   All Franchise utility design to the project including by not limited to:
    
                                     Power
                                     Natural Gas
                                     Domestic Water Supply & Waste Water
        Treatment Systems
                                     Telecommunications and/or Data
        Communications
         
   Material Handling Systems including, but not limited to:
    
                                     Coin & Cash Counting Equipment
                                     Baggage Handling Systems
                                     Uniform Issue Racking/Storage Systems
                                     Food Service Pulping Systems
                                     Commercial Laundry Systems
         
   All design renderings and models as requested by the Owner (see Section
   11.4 Reimbursable Expenses)
   Branding
   All Permit Fees
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
   Construction Staking Services
   Life Safety System Commissioning & Testing Scenarios
    
§ 12.3 Insurance: The Architect shall affect and maintain insurance to 
protect itself from claims personal injury, sickness or disease, or death 
of any of his employees, and for claims of damages because of injury to or 
destruction of tangible property including loss of use resulting therefrom; 
and from claims arising out of the performance of professional services 
caused by any errors, omissions or negligent acts of the Architect. The 
policies and policy limits for Architect and its Consultants are set forth 
in Exhibit B  Insurance for Architect and its Consultants (attached). The 
Architect require its Consultants to obtain and maintain insurance similar 
to that required of the Architect by the Owner, except as otherwise noted 
in Exhibit B  Insurance for Architect and its Consultants (attached). 
Architect shalls secure Professional Liability Insurance in the amount of 
One Million Dollars $1,000,000,00) and shall remain in full force and 
effect during the entire course of the Architects services on the Project 
and shall maintain that dollar amount of insurance for a period of seven 
(7) years after completion of the Project provided such coverage is 
reasonably available at commercially affordable premiums.
 
§ 12.4 Other Services: The Architect shall assist the Owner in applying for 
those permits and approvals normally required by law for projects similar 
to the one for which the Architects services are being engaged. This 
assistance shall consist of completing and submitting forms to the 
appropriate regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over the construction 
documents, and other services normally provided by the Architect and 
included in the scope of Basic Services of this Agreement. The Architect 
shall visit the Project for one full day approximately once per three (3) 
weeks during the term of this Agreement with a total of twenty one (21) 
site visits. Each such visit is included in the Basic Services and actual 
times and dates of travel will be adjusted per the progress of the 
construction.
 
§ 12.4.1 The Architect shall visit the Project site throughout the course 
of construction on twenty one (21) separate occasions as part of the 
Architects Basic Services. If additional site visits are requested by the 
Owner after completion of the initial twenty one (21) visits, the Architect 
shall be compensated for such visits on an Additional services basis per § 
11.3.2. The durations of each site visit shall be a minimum of one full day 
on-site but may be substantially 1onger as necessary to meet Project 
requirements or schedule, but shall not constitute full-time representation 
by the Architect.
 
The Architects Consultants shall visit the Project site at the direction 
of the Architect and at intervals appropriate to the stage of the 
Contractors operations. Additionally, the Architects Consultants shall 
visit the Project site as necessary to meet Project requirements when 
requested to do so by the Owner or Contractor. All requests for Architects 
Consultants site visits shall be directed to the Architect. The duration 
of each site visit shall be a minimum of one full day on-site but may 
substantially longer as necessary to meet Project requirements or schedule. 
Each such visit is included in the Basic Services.
 
§ 12.5 Savings Clause: Should any provision in this Agreement be found to 
be unenforceable, then only that provision will be stricken and the balance 
of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect.
 
§ 12.6 Indemnification: Architect agrees, to the fullest extent permitted 
by law, to indemnify and hold the Owner harmless from any damage, liability 
or cost (including reasonable attorneys fees and costs of defense) to the 
proportionate extent caused by Architects willful misconduct or negligent 
acts, errors or omissions in the performance of professional services with 
respect to this Agreement or the Project.
 
Owner agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to indemnify and hold 
the Architect harmless from any damage, liability or cost (including 
reasonable attorneys fees and costs of defense) to the proportionate 
extent caused by Owners willful misconduct or negligent acts, errors or 
omissions of Owner with respect to this Agreement or the Project.
 
Neither Owner nor Architect shall be obligated to indemnify the other party 
in any manner whatsoever for the other partys own negligence or willful 
misconduct. The indemnity obligations provided under this section shall 
only apply to the extent such Claims is/are determined by a court of 
competent jurisdiction to have been caused by the negligence or willful 
misconduct of Architect or Owner.
 
§ 12.6.1 Subconsultant/Contractor Indemnity Agreements. The Architect 
agrees to obtain or cause to be obtained executed indemnity obligations 
within its consultant agreements from its consultants similar to those set
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
forth in this Section 12.6 above requiring the consultants to indemnify the 
Owner as well as the Architect. Likewise, the Owner agrees to obtain or 
cause to be obtained executed indemnity obligations within its other 
consultant agreements and contractor agreement(s) similar to those set 
forth in this Section 12.6 above requiring such consultants and 
contractor(s) to indemnify the Architect as well as the Owner.
 
§ 12.7 Corporate Liability: It is intended by the parties to this Agreement 
that the Architects Services in connection with the Project shall not 
subject the Architects individual employees, shareholders, officers or 
directors to any personal legal exposure for the risks associated with this 
Project. Therefore, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, the Owner agrees that as the Owners sole and exclusive remedy, any 
claim, demand or suit shall be directed and/or asserted only against the 
Architect entity, and not against any of the Architects individual 
employees, officers, members, shareholders, managers, or directors.
 
It is intended by the parties to this Agreement that the Owners activities 
in connection with the Project shall not subject the Owners employees, 
officers, members, shareholders, managers or directors to any personal 
legal exposure for the risks associated with this Project. Therefore, and 
not withstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Architect 
agrees that as the Architects sole and exclusive remedy, any claim, demand 
or suit shall be directed and/or asserted only against the Owner entity, 
and not against any of the Owners individual employees, officers, members, 
shareholders, managers, or directors.
 
§ 12.8 Existing Condition:The Architect acknowledges that the Owner does 
not possess and cannot provide documentation to the Architect that fully 
describes all existing conditions relevant to the Project. Therefore, the 
Architect and its consultants shall exercise due diligence and shall 
conduct as part of the basic services under this Agreement reasonable 
on-site observations as necessary to discover any existing conditions 
relevant to the Project that may not be documented or that may be contrary 
to previous assumptions. The Owner shall provide the Architect and its 
consultants with reasonable access to the site for all necessary 
observations requested by the Architect or its consultants, as the case may 
be. Any such observations shall be conducted in a manner that will minimize 
any inconvenience to the Owner and other persons at the Project.
 
This Agreement entered into as of the day and year first written above.
 
OWNER
ARCHITECT
 
 
 
 
Diamond Jo Casino  Dubuque
Youngblood Wucherer Sparer Architects, Ltd.
 
 
 
 
 /s/ Kevin Fontenot
 
/s/ Thomas A. Wucherer
 
 
(Signature)
(Signature)
 
Kevin Fontenot, Executive Director  Construction &
Development
 
Thomas A. Wucherer, AIA, Principal
 
 
 (Printed name and title)
 (Printed name and title)
 
 
 
Init.

/
AIA Document B151  1997. Copyright © 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The 
American Institute of Architects. All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® 
Document is protected by U.S. Copyright Law and International Treaties. 
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this AIA® Document, or any 
portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will 
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law. This document 
was produced by AIA software at 15:18:01 on 07/03/2007 under Order No. 
1000280837_1 which expires on 1/23/2008, and is not for resale.
 
User Notes:
(17231848)
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------