 EX-10.1 3 a07-29206_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
GREAT LAKES DREDGE & DOCK CORPORATION
2007 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN


Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation (the Corporation) has established 
this Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan to 
provide an additional inducement for Eligible Individuals to provide 
services to the Corporation or an Affiliate as an employee, consultant, 
non-employee director, or independent contractor, to reward such Eligible 
Individuals by providing an opportunity to acquire incentive awards, and to 
provide a means through which the Corporation may attract able persons to 
enter the employment of or engagement with the Corporation or one of its 
Affiliates.  Awards may, in the discretion of the Board or Committee, and 
subject to such restrictions as the Board or Committee may determine or as 
provided herein, consist of Incentive Stock Options, Non-Qualified Stock 
Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units, Stock 
Appreciation Rights, or any combination of the foregoing.

ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS

Whenever used in the Plan, the following terms have the meanings set forth 
below, and when the meaning is intended, the initial letter of the word is 
capitalized:

Affiliate means any corporation that is a parent or subsidiary 
corporation (as Code Sections 424(e) and (f) define those terms) with 
respect to the Corporation.

Award means an Incentive Stock Option, Non-Qualified Stock Option, 
Restricted Stock Award, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units or 
Restricted Stock Units granted under the Plan.

Award Agreement means an agreement entered into between the Corporation 
and the applicable Participant, setting forth the terms and provisions 
applicable to the Award then being granted under the Plan, as further 
described in Section 2.4 of the Plan.

Award Date means, with respect to any Award, the date of the grant or 
award specified by the Committee in a resolution or other writing, duly 
adopted, and as set forth in the Award Agreement, provided that such Award 
Date will not be earlier than the date of the Committee action.

Board means the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

Cause will have the meaning set forth in any employment, consulting, or 
other written agreement between the Participant and the Corporation.  If 
there is no employment, consulting, or other written agreement between the 
Corporation or an Affiliate and the Participant or if such agreement does 
not define Cause, then Cause will have the meaning specified in the 
Award Agreement; provided that, if the Award Agreement does not so specify, 
Cause will mean, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, 
the Participants:  (i) willful and continued failure to substantially 
perform his material duties as an executive of the Corporation (other than 
any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental 
illness) after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to 
the Participant by the Board, (ii) willful

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

misconduct, which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the 
Corporation, monetarily or otherwise, (iii) engaging in egregious 
misconduct involving serious moral turpitude to the extent that his 
creditability and reputation no longer conforms to the standard of senior 
executive officers of the Corporation (iv) conviction of, or plea of guilty 
or nolo contendere to, a felony, (v) material breach of a material written 
policy of the Corporation, (vi) failure to reasonably cooperate with any 
audit or investigation involving the Corporation or its business practices; 
or (vii) material breach of this Agreement.  The Board must give the 
Participant at least thirty (30) days written notice of its intent to 
terminate him for Cause, specifying the act(s) or omission(s) alleged to 
justify the for Cause termination, and an opportunity to cure such act(s) 
or omission(s), where feasible, within the thirty (30) day period.  In 
addition, the Participants Service will be deemed to have terminated for 
Cause if, after the Participants Service has terminated, facts and 
circumstances are discovered that would have justified a termination for 
Cause.  For purposes of this Plan, no act or failure to act on the 
Participants part will be considered knowing or willful unless it is 
done, or omitted to be done, by him or her in bad faith or without 
reasonable belief that his or her action or omission was in the best 
interests of the Corporation or an Affiliate.  Any act, or failure to act, 
based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly of the Board or 
based upon the advice of counsel for the Corporation will be conclusively 
presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, in good faith and in the best 
interests of the Corporation or an Affiliate.  In no event will a 
termination be deemed to occur for Cause unless such termination occurs 
within 90 days after the Board becomes aware of the circumstance or event 
giving rise thereto.

Change in Control means the first to occur of the following:

        (a)                                  The beneficial ownership (as
        defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
        amended (the Exchange Act)) of securities representing more than
        331/3% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting
        securities of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the
        election of directors (the Corporation Voting Securities) is
        accumulated, held or acquired by a Person (as defined in Section
        3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified, and used in Sections
        13(d) and 14(d) thereof) (other than the Corporation, any trustee
        or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit
        plan of the Corporation, holders of capital stock of the
        Corporation as of the date hereof or an affiliate thereof, any
        corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the Corporations
        stockholders in substantially the same proportions as their
        ownership of stock of the Corporation); provided, however that any
        acquisition from the Corporation or any acquisition pursuant to a
        transaction that complies with clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of
        subparagraph (c) of this paragraph will not be a Change in Control
        under this subparagraph (a), and provided further, that immediately
        prior to such accumulation, holding or acquisition, such Person was
        not a direct or indirect beneficial owner of twenty-five percent
        (25%) or more of the Corporation Voting Securities; or

        (b)                                 Individuals who, as of the date
        of the Agreement, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board)
        cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the
        Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director
        subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for
        election by the Corporations

 

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

        stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the
        directors then comprising the Incumbent Board will be considered as
        though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but
        excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial
        assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened
        election contest with respect to the election or removal of
        directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or
        consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board of
        Directors; or

        (c)                                  Consummation by the
        Corporation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation, or sale
        or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of
        the Corporation or the acquisition of assets or stock of another
        entity (a Business Combination), in each case, unless immediately
        following such Business Combination:  (i) more than 50.1% of the
        combined voting power of then outstanding voting securities
        entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of (x) the
        corporation resulting from such Business Combination (the
        Surviving Corporation), or (y) if applicable, a corporation that
        as a result of such transaction owns the Corporation or all or
        substantially all of the Corporations assets either directly or
        through one or more subsidiaries (the Parent Corporation), is
        represented, directly or indirectly by Corporation Voting
        Securities outstanding immediately prior to such Business
        Combination (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which
        such Corporation Voting Securities were converted pursuant to such
        Business Combination), and such voting power among the holders
        thereof is in substantially the same proportions as their
        ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the
        Corporation Voting Securities, (ii) no Person (excluding any
        employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Corporation or such
        corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially
        owns, directly or indirectly, 331/3% or more of the combined voting
        power of the then outstanding voting securities eligible to elect
        directors of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no Parent
        Corporation, the Surviving Corporation) except to the extent that
        such ownership of the Corporation existed prior to the Business
        Combination and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the
        board of directors of the Parent Corporation (or, if there is no
        Parent Corporation, the Surviving Corporation) were members of the
        Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial
        agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such
        Business Combination; or

        (d)                                 Approval by the Corporations
        stockholders of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the
        Corporation.

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  A reference to 
any provision of the Code will include reference to any successor provision 
of the Code.

Committee means the Compensation Committee, if any, or such similar or 
successor committee appointed by the Board.  If the Board has not appointed 
a Committee, the Board will function in place of the Committee.

 

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Consultant means an individual who is not an Employee or Director of the 
Corporation or an Affiliate, but who is providing services to the 
Corporation or an Affiliate as an independent contractor.

Corporation means Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation.

Director means any individual who is a member of the Board.

Disabled Participant means the Participant becoming unable to engage in 
any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable 
physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or 
that has lasted or can be expect to last for a continuous period of not 
less than 12 months, within the meaning of Code Section 422(c)(6).

Dividend Equivalent means a right to receive on the payment date for any 
dividend on the shares of Stock underlying an Award, cash compensation from 
the Corporation equal to the dividend that would have been paid on such 
shares of Stock (or the Fair Market Value of such dividend, if such 
dividend would not have been paid in cash), if such shares had been issued 
and outstanding, fully vested and held by the Participant on the record 
date for payment of such dividend.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such 
dividend would not have been paid in cash, the Dividend Equivalent with 
respect thereto will not be paid unless and until certificates evidencing 
the shares of Stock with respect to which it is paid are issued to the 
Participant.  Dividend Equivalents may be provided, in the Committees 
discretion, in connection with any Award under the Plan, subject to Section 
2.6.

Eligible Individual means any Employee, Consultant, or non-employee 
Director.

Employee means any common law employee of the Corporation or one of its 
Affiliates.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Fair Market Value will mean (a) if the Common Stock is readily tradeable 
on a national securities exchange or other market system, the closing sales 
price of the Common Stock on the Award Date, time of exercise, or other 
date of calculation (or on the last preceding trading date if Common Stock 
was not traded on such date), or (b) if the Common Stock is not readily 
tradeable on a national securities exchange or other market system, the 
fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board or the 
Committee, by the reasonable application of a reasonable valuation method 
consistent with the Code, or Treasury Regulations thereunder, as the Board 
or the Committee will in its discretion select and apply at the time of the 
Award Date, time of exercise, or other date of calculation.

Freestanding SAR means a Stock Appreciation Right that is granted 
independently of any Options, as described in Article 6.

Incentive Stock Option or ISO means an option that is intended to 
qualify as an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Code Section 
422.  Any Option that does not qualify under Code Section 422 will be 
treated as a Non-Qualified Stock Option.

Non-Qualified Stock Option means an Option that is not an Incentive Stock 
Option.

 

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Option means an option to purchase Stock at an Exercise Price determined 
on the Award Date, subject to the applicable provisions of Article 3, 
awarded in accordance with the terms of the Plan, and which may be an 
Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Qualified Stock Option.

Participant means an Eligible Individual who the Committee has selected 
to participate in the Plan in accordance with Section 2.2 of the Plan.

Performance Unit means a performance unit subject to the requirements of 
Article 4 and awarded in accordance with the terms of the Plan.

Performance Goals will mean performance goals established by the 
Committee prior to the grant of an Award based on the attainment of one or 
any combination of the following, in each case of the Corporation, an 
Affiliate, or business unit by or within which the Participant is primarily 
employed or a combination thereof, and that are intended to qualify under 
Section 162(m):  (a) net earnings; (b) operating earnings or income; (c) 
earnings growth; (d) net income; (e) net income applicable to shares; (f) 
gross revenue or revenue by pre-defined business; (g) revenue backlog; (h) 
margins realized on delivered services; (i) cash flow, including operating 
cash flow, free cash flow, discounted cash flow return on investment, and 
cash flow in excess of cost of capital; (j) earnings per share; (k) return 
on stockholders equity; (l) stock price; (m) return on common 
stockholders equity; (n) return on capital; (o) return on assets; (p) 
economic value added (income in excess of cost of capital); (q) customer 
satisfaction; (r) cost control or expense reduction; and (s) ratio of 
operating expenses to operating revenues, in each case, absolute or 
relative to peer-group comparative.

The Committee also may base Performance Goals upon attaining specified 
levels of Corporation performance under one or more of the measures 
described above relative to the performance of other corporations.  The 
Committee will set such Performance Goals within the time prescribed by 
Section 162(m).  The Committee will have the discretion to adjust targets 
set for preestablished performance objectives.  If the Committee determines 
it is advisable to grant Awards that will not qualify for the 
performance-based exception of Section 162(m), the Committee may grant 
Awards that do not so qualify.

Plan means the Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation 2007 Long-Term 
Incentive Plan, as set forth herein, as the same may be amended, 
administered or interpreted from time to time.

Public Offering means any sale of the Corporations common stock pursuant 
to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended from time to time, or any successor act thereto, filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-1 (or any successor form 
adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission); provided that the 
following will not be considered a public offering: (i) any issuance of 
common equity securities by the Corporation as consideration for a merger 
or acquisition, (ii) any issuance of common securities to employees, 
directors or consultants of any of the Corporation or any of its Affiliates 
as part of an incentive or compensation plan, (iii) any issuance of common 
equity securities as part of a unit with debt or preferred stock or any 
similar structure in which the common equity securities are being offered 
primarily as a means of enhancing the Corporations ability to sell the 
debt or preferred stock and (iv) the issuance of common stock by the 
Corporation upon conversion of any preferred stock of the Corporation.

 

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Restricted Stock means an award of shares of Stock delivered under the 
Plan subject to the requirements of Article 5 and such other restrictions 
as the Committee deems appropriate or desirable, including restrictions on 
transferability, a risk of forfeiture, and certain other terms and 
conditions under the Plan or specified by the Committee.  The restrictions 
on, and risk of forfeiture of, Restricted Stock generally will expire on a 
specified date, upon the occurrence of an event or achievement of 
Performance Goals, or on an accelerated basis under certain circumstances 
specified in the Plan or the Award Agreement.

Restricted Stock Unit or RSU means a notional account established 
pursuant to an Award granted to a Participant, as described in Article 5, 
that is (a) valued solely by reference to shares of Stock, (b) subject to 
restrictions specified in the Award Agreement, and (c) payable only in 
Stock.  The RSUs awarded to the Participant will vest according to the 
time-based or performance-based criteria specified in the Award Agreement.

Section 162(m) will mean Code Section 162(m), as amended, and the 
Treasury Regulations thereunder.

Service means the provision of personal services to the Corporation or 
its Affiliates in the capacity of (i) an Employee, (ii) a Director, or 
(iii) a Consultant.

Stock means the Common Stock of the Corporation.

Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means the award of the contingent right 
to receive Stock or cash, as specified in the Award Agreement, in the 
future, based on the value or the appreciation in the value of Stock, 
pursuant to the terms of Article 6.  The Committee may grant SARs alone or 
in connection with a related Option.  Stock Appreciation Rights may be 
either Freestanding SARs or Tandem SARs.

Tandem SAR means a SAR that is granted in connection with a related 
Option pursuant to Article 6, the exercise of which requires forfeiture of 
the right to purchase a share of Stock under the related Option (and when a 
share of Stock is purchased under the Option, the Tandem SAR similarly will 
be canceled).

Termination means a cessation of the employee-employer relationship 
between a Participant and the Corporation and its Affiliates (other than by 
reason of transfer of the Employee among the Corporation and its 
Affiliates), a cessation of an individuals Director or Consultant 
relationship with the Corporation, or the consummation of a transaction 
whereby a Participants employer (other than the Corporation) ceases to be 
an Affiliate of the Corporation.

ARTICLE 2
PLAN ADMINISTRATION

Section 2.1            Administration.  The Committee will administer the 
Plan.  The Committee will interpret the Plan and prescribe such rules, 
regulations, and procedures in connection with the operation of the Plan, 
as it will deem to be necessary and advisable for the administration of the 
Plan consistent with the purposes of the Plan.  Without limiting the 
foregoing, the Committee will have the authority and complete discretion 
to:

 

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


         

        (a)                                  Prescribe, amend, and rescind
        rules and regulations relating to the Plan;

        (b)                                 Select Eligible Individuals to
        receive Awards under the Plan as provided in Section 2.2 of the
        Plan;

        (c)                                  Determine the form and terms
        of Awards;

        (d)                                 Determine the number of shares
        of Stock or other consideration subject to Awards under the Plan as
        provided in Articles 3 through 6 of the Plan;

        (e)                                  Determine whether Awards will
        be granted singly, in combination or in tandem with, in replacement
        of, or as alternatives to, other Awards under the Plan or grants or
        awards under any other incentive or compensation plan of the
        Corporation;

        (f)                                    Construe and interpret the
        Plan, any Award Agreement in connection with an Award and any other
        agreement or document executed pursuant to the Plan;

        (g)                                 Correct any defect or omission,
        or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan, any Award, or any Award
        Agreement;

        (h)                                 Accelerate or, with the consent
        of the Participant, defer the vesting of any Award or the exercise
        date of any Award, subject to the limitations of Code Section 409A;

        (i)                                     Authorize any person to
        execute on behalf of the Corporation any instrument required to
        effectuate the grant of an Award and delegate to officers of the
        Corporation the authority to perform administrative functions under
        the Plan subject to any legal requirements that the Committee as a
        whole take action with respect to such function, other than any
        such delegation that would cause Awards or other transactions under
        the Plan to cease to (i) be exempt from Section 16(b) of the
        Exchange Act, (ii) satisfy the independent director requirements
        of the Nasdaq Global Market, or (iii) qualify as performance-based
        compensation under Section 162(m);

        (j)                                     Modify the terms of any
        Award, and authorize the exchange or replacement of Awards;
        provided, however, that (i) no such modification, exchange or
        substitution will be to the detriment of a Participant with respect
        to any Award previously granted without the affected Participants
        written consent, (ii) in no event will the Committee be permitted
        to reduce the Exercise Price of any outstanding Option or to
        exchange or replace an outstanding Option with a new Option with a
        lower Exercise Price, except pursuant to Section 2.5, and (iii) the
        Committee shall use reasonable efforts to ensure that any such
        modification, exchange or substitution will not violate Code
        Section 409A;

        (k)                                  Determine whether a
        Participant has engaged in the operation or management of a
        business that is in competition with the Corporation or any of its
        Affiliates, or whether a Participant has violated the restrictive
        covenants of Section 10.13; and

 

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
        (l)                                     Make all other
        determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the administration
        of the Plan.

The Committee will keep records of action taken at its meetings.  A 
majority of the Committee will constitute a quorum at any meeting, and the 
acts of a majority of the members present at any meeting at which a quorum 
is present, or acts approved in writing by a majority of the Committee, 
will be the acts of the Committee.

Section 2.2                                   Eligibility.  Those Eligible 
Individuals, who share the responsibility for the management, growth or 
protection of the business of the Corporation or any Affiliate or who, in 
the opinion of the Committee, provide services yielding significant 
benefits to the Corporation or any Affiliate will be eligible to receive 
Awards as described herein.  Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the 
Committee will have full and final authority, in its discretion, to grant 
Awards as described herein and to determine the Eligible Individuals to 
whom Awards will be granted.

Section 2.3                                   Shares Available Under the 
Plan.  Subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 2.5, the maximum 
number of shares of Stock that may be issued or delivered and as to which 
Awards may be granted under the Plan will be equal to the sum of: (i) 
5,800,000 shares of Stock; and (ii) shares of Stock delivered (either 
actually or by attestation) to or withheld by the Corporation in connection 
with the exercise of an Option awarded under the Plan, or in payment of any 
required income tax withholding for the exercise of an Option or the 
vesting of Restricted Stock awarded under the Plan.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.3, (i) in no 
event will more than 1,000,000 shares of Stock be cumulatively available 
for Awards of Incentive Stock Options under the Plan, and (ii) in no event 
will more than 3,000,000 shares of Stock be cumulatively available for 
Awards other than Options or Stock Appreciation Rights.  Subject to 
adjustment as set forth in Section 2.5, the maximum number of shares of 
Stock with respect to which Awards may be granted in any calendar year to 
any Participant under the Plan will be 580,000 shares.

If any Award granted under the Plan is canceled by mutual consent or 
terminates or expires for any reason without having been exercised in full, 
or, if and to the extent that an award of Performance Units, or RSUs is 
paid in cash rather than the issuance of shares of Stock, the number of 
shares subject to such Award (or in the case of Performance Units or RSUs, 
the number of shares of Stock for which payment was made in cash) will 
again be available for purposes of the Plan, except that, to the extent 
that Stock Appreciation Rights granted in conjunction with an Option under 
the Plan are exercised and the related Option surrendered, the number of 
shares available for purposes of the Plan will be reduced by the number of 
shares, if any, of Stock issued or delivered upon exercise of such Stock 
Appreciation Rights.

The shares that may be issued or delivered under the Plan may be either 
authorized but unissued shares, repurchased shares, or partly each.

If, in connection with an acquisition of another company or all or part of 
the assets of another company by the Corporation or an Affiliate, or in 
connection with a merger or other combination of another company with the 
Corporation or an Affiliate, the Corporation either (A) assumes stock 
options or other stock incentive obligations of such other company, or (B) 
grants stock options or other stock incentives in substitution for stock 
options or other stock incentive

 

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

obligations of such other company, then none of the shares of Stock that 
are issuable or transferable pursuant to such stock options or other stock 
incentives that are assumed or granted in substitution by the Corporation 
will be charged against the limitations set forth in this Section.

Section 2.4                                   Award Agreement.  Each Award 
granted under the Plan will be evidenced by a written Award Agreement, in a 
form approved by the Committee.  Such Award Agreement will be subject to 
and incorporate the express terms and conditions, if any, required under 
the Plan or as required by the Committee for the form of Award granted and 
such other terms and conditions as the Committee may specify, and will be 
executed by the Chief Executive Officer, the President (if other than the 
Chief Executive Officer), or any person designated as an executive officer 
by the Board for Section 16 purposes, on behalf of the Corporation, and by 
the Participant to whom such Award is granted.  With the consent of the 
Participant to whom such Award is granted, the Board may at any time and 
from time to time amend an outstanding Award Agreement in a manner 
consistent with the Plan.  Without consent of the Participant, the Board of 
Directors may at any time and from time to time modify or amend Award 
Agreements with respect to Options intended as of the Award Date to be 
Incentive Stock Options in such respects as it deems necessary in order 
that Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan will comply with the 
appropriate provisions of the Code and regulations thereunder which are in 
effect from time to time with respect to Incentive Stock Options.

Section 2.5                                   Adjustment and Substitution 
of Shares.  If a dividend or other distribution will be declared upon the 
Stock, payable in shares of Stock, the number of shares of Stock then 
subject to any outstanding Award or by reference to which the amount of any 
other Award is determined and the number of shares that may be issued or 
delivered under the Plan will be adjusted by adding thereto the number of 
shares that would have been distributable thereon if such shares had been 
outstanding on the date fixed for determining the stockholders entitled to 
receive such stock dividend or distribution.  An increase in the number of 
shares subject to an Award will not occur when the Committee has awarded 
Dividend Equivalent with respect to such Award.

If the outstanding shares of Stock will be changed into or exchangeable for 
a different number or kind of shares of Stock or other securities of the 
Corporation or another corporation, whether through reorganization, 
reclassification, recapitalization, stock split-up, combination of shares, 
merger or consolidation, then the Committee will substitute for each share 
of Stock subject to any then outstanding Award and for each share of Stock, 
which may be issued or delivered under the Plan but is not then subject to 
an outstanding Award, the number and kind of shares of Stock or other 
securities into which each outstanding share of Stock is so changed or for 
which each such share is exchangeable; provided, that, in the event of a 
merger, acquisition or other business combination of the Corporation with 
or into another entity, any adjustment provided for in the applicable 
agreement and plan of merger (or similar document) will be conclusively 
deemed to be appropriate for purposes of this Section 2.5.

In the case of any adjustment or substitution as provided for in this 
Section 2.5, the aggregate Exercise Price for all shares subject to each 
then outstanding Option prior to such adjustment or substitution will be 
the aggregate Exercise Price for all shares of Stock or other securities 
(including any fraction) to which such shares will have been adjusted or 
which will have been substituted for such shares.  Any new Exercise Price 
per share will be carried to at least three decimal places with the last 
decimal place rounded upwards to the nearest whole number.  No

 

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

adjustment or substitution provided for in this Section 2.5 will require 
the Corporation to issue or sell a fraction of a share or other security.

If any such adjustment or substitution provided for in this Section 2.5 
requires the approval of stockholders in order to enable the Corporation to 
grant Incentive Stock Options, then no such adjustment or substitution of 
ISOs will be made without prior stockholder approval.  If the effect of any 
adjustment or substitution would be to cause an Option to fail to continue 
to qualify as an ISO or to cause a modification, extension or renewal of 
such Option within the meaning of Code Sections 409A or 424, the Committee 
may elect that such adjustment or substitution not be made but rather will 
use reasonable efforts to effect such other adjustment of each then 
outstanding Option as the Committee in its sole discretion will deem 
equitable and which will not result in any disqualification, modification, 
extension or renewal (within the meaning of Code Sections 409A or 424) of 
such Incentive Stock Option.

Section 2.6                                   Corporations Obligation to 
Deliver Stock.  The obligation of the Corporation to issue or deliver 
shares of Stock under the Plan will be subject to (i) the effectiveness of 
a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with 
respect to such shares, if deemed necessary or appropriate by counsel for 
the Corporation; (ii) the condition that the shares will have been listed 
(or authorized for listing upon official notice of issuance) upon each 
stock exchange on which such shares may then be listed; and (iii) all other 
applicable laws, regulations, rules and orders which may then be in effect.

ARTICLE 3
STOCK OPTIONS

Section 3.1                                   Grant of Stock Options.  The 
Committee will have authority, in its discretion, to grant Incentive Stock 
Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options or both types of Options.  
Notwithstanding the above, the Committee may grant Incentive Stock Options 
to Employees only.  Subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 2.5, no 
Participant will be granted an Option or Options under the Plan 
(disregarding canceled, terminated, or expired stock options) for an 
aggregate number of shares in excess of 1,160,000.

Section 3.2                                   Terms and Conditions of 
Options.  Options granted under the Plan will be subject to the following 
terms and conditions:

        (a)                                  The purchase price at which
        each Option may be exercised (the Exercise Price) will be such
        price as the Committee, in its discretion, will determine, except
        that, the Exercise Price will not be less than one hundred percent
        (100%) of the Fair Market Value per share of Stock covered by the
        Option as determined on the Award Date.

        (b)                                 The Exercise Price will be
        payable in full in any one or more of the following ways, as will
        be determined by the Committee to be applicable to any such Award:

            (i)                                     in cash; or

 

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

            (ii)                                  in shares of Stock (which
            are owned by the Participant free and clear of all liens and
            other encumbrances and which are not subject to the
            restrictions set forth in Article 5) having an aggregate Fair
            Market Value on the date of exercise of the Option equal to the
            Exercise Price for the shares being purchased; or

            (iii)                               by requesting that the
            Corporation withhold such number of shares of Stock then
            issuable upon exercise of the Option as will have an aggregate
            Fair Market Value equal to the Exercise Price for the shares
            being acquired upon exercise of the Option (and any applicable
            withholding taxes); or

            (iv)                              by waiver of compensation due
            or accrued to the Participant for services rendered; or

            (v)                                 provided that a public
            market for the Corporations stock exists, and to the extent
            permitted by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002:

                (A)                              through a same day sale
                commitment from the Participant and a broker-dealer that is
                a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers
                (an NASD Dealer) whereby the Participant irrevocably
                elects to exercise the Option and to sell a portion of the
                shares so purchased to pay the purchase price (or a larger
                number of the shares so purchased), and whereby the NASD
                Dealer irrevocably commits upon receipt of such shares to
                forward the purchase price directly to the Corporation (and
                any excess to the Participant); or

                (B)                                through a margin
                commitment from the Participant and an NASD Dealer whereby
                the Participant irrevocably elects to exercise the Option
                and to pledge the shares so purchased to the NASD Dealer in
                a margin account as security for a loan from the NASD
                Dealer in the amount of the purchase price, and whereby the
                NASD Dealer irrevocably commits upon receipt of such shares
                to forward the purchase price directly to the Corporation;
                or

            (vi)                              to the extent permitted by
            the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by promissory note executed by
            the Participant, evidencing his or her obligation to make
            future cash payment thereof, secured by an applicable number of
            shares of Stock or such other security as may be determined by
            the Committee; provided, however, that in no event may the
            Committee accept a promissory note for an amount in excess of
            the difference between the aggregate Exercise Price and the par
            value of the shares; or

            (vii)                           by any combination of the
            foregoing.

        If the Exercise Price is paid in whole or in part in shares of
        Stock, any portion of the Exercise Price representing a fraction of
        a share must be paid in cash.  The date of exercise of an Option
        will be determined under procedures established by

 

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

        the Committee, and the Exercise Price will be payable at such time
        or times as the Committee, in its discretion, will determine.  No
        shares will be issued or delivered upon exercise of an Option until
        full payment of the Exercise Price has been made, provided that,
        for this purpose, if permitted by the Committee, tender of a
        promissory note will constitute full payment of the principal
        amount of such promissory note.  When full payment of the Exercise
        Price has been made, the Participant will be considered for all
        purposes to be the owner of the shares with respect to which
        payment has been made, subject to the restrictions set forth in
        Article 7.

        (c)                                  An Option may be exercised (i)
        at such time as the Option vests; or (ii) if and to the extent set
        forth in the applicable Award Agreement, prior to the date on which
        the Option vests provided that such Stock obtained will be subject
        to the same requirements that are applicable to grants of
        Restricted Stock set forth in Article 5.  No Non-Qualified Stock
        Option will be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from
        the Award Date, provided that if an exercise would violate
        applicable securities laws, the Non-Qualified Stock Option will be
        exercisable no more than 30 days after the exercise of the Option
        first would no longer violate applicable securities laws.  Subject
        to this Section 3.2(c), and Sections 3.3(e), and 2.6, Options may
        be exercised at such times, in such amounts and subject to such
        restrictions as will be determined by the Committee, in its
        discretion.

        (d)                                 Unless otherwise determined by
        the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement referred to in
        Section 2.4 or an amendment thereto, following a Participants
        Termination for any reason, such Participant must exercise any
        outstanding Option, if at all, within one year from the date of
        Termination.

Section 3.3                                   Special Provisions Applicable 
to ISOs.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article 3, the 
following special provisions will apply to any award of Incentive Stock 
Options:

        (a)                                  The Committee will not award
        an Incentive Stock Option under this Plan if it would cause the
        aggregate Fair Market Value of Stock with respect to which
        Incentive Stock Options are exercisable by the Participant for the
        first time during a calendar year (under all plans of the
        Corporation and its Affiliates) to exceed $100,000.

        (b)                                 If the Employee to whom the
        Incentive Stock Option is granted is a Ten Percent Owner of the
        Corporation, then: (A) the Exercise Price for each share subject to
        an Option will be at least one hundred ten percent (110%) of the
        Fair Market Value of the Stock on the Award Date; and (B) the
        Option will expire upon the earlier of (i) the time specified by
        the Committee in the Award Agreement, or (ii) the fifth anniversary
        of the Award Date.

        (c)                                  No Option that is intended to
        be an Incentive Stock Option may be granted under the Plan until
        the Corporations stockholders approve the Plan.  If such
        stockholder approval is not obtained within 12 months after the
        Boards adoption

 

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

        of the Plan, then no Options may be granted under the Plan that are
        intended to be Incentive Stock Options.

        (d)                                 The maximum number of shares of
        Stock with respect to which any one Participant may be granted
        Options that are intended to be Incentive Stock Options in any one
        calendar year will be 100,000, subject to adjustment as set forth
        in Section 2.5.

        (e)                                  An Incentive Stock Option must
        be exercised, if at all, within three months after the
        Participants Termination for a reason other than death or becoming
        a Disabled Participant, and within twelve months after the
        Participants Termination for death or becoming a Disabled
        Participant; provided that, an Option that is intended to be an
        Incentive Stock Option may be exercised more than three months, but
        not more than twelve months, after the Participants Termination
        for a reason other than death or becoming a Disabled Participant,
        in which case the Option will be a Nonqualified Stock Option.

        (f)                                    For purposes of this
        Section, Ten Percent Owner means an individual who, at the time
        an Option is granted under this Plan, owns stock possessing more
        than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all
        classes of stock of the Corporation or any Affiliate.  For purposes
        of this Section 3.3(f), a Participant will be considered as owning
        (i) not only shares of the Stock owned individually, but also all
        shares that are at the time owned, directly or indirectly, by or
        for the spouse, ancestors, lineal descendants and brothers and
        sisters (whether by the whole or half blood) of such individual and
        (ii) proportionately any shares of Stock owned, directly or
        indirectly, by or for any corporation, partnership, estate or trust
        in which such individual will be a stockholder, partner or
        beneficiary.

ARTICLE 4
PERFORMANCE UNITS

Section 4.1                                   Performance Period and 
Objectives.  The Committee will have authority, in its discretion, to award 
Performance Units to Eligible Individuals.  The Committee will determine a 
performance period (the Performance Period) of one or more years and will 
determine the Performance Goals for grants of Performance Units.  
Performance Goals may vary from Participant to Participant.  Performance 
Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with 
respect to Performance Units for which different Performance Periods are 
prescribed.

Section 4.2                                   Eligibility.  At the 
beginning of a Performance Period, the Committee will determine for each 
Participant or group of Participants eligible for Performance Units with 
respect to that Performance Period the range of dollar values, if any, 
which may be fixed or may vary in accordance with such performance or other 
criteria specified by the Committee, which will be paid to a Participant as 
an Award if the relevant Performance Goals for the Performance Period are 
met.

Section 4.3                                   Significant Event.  If during 
the course of a Performance Period there will occur a significant event or 
events (a Significant Event) as determined by the Committee, including,

 

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

but not limited to, a reorganization of the Corporation or a Change in 
Control, which the Committee expects to have a substantial effect on a 
Performance Goal during such period, the Committee may revise such 
objective.

Section 4.4                                   Termination.  If a 
Participant terminates Service with the Corporation or any of its 
Affiliates during a Performance Period because of death or becoming a 
Disabled Participant, as determined by the Committee, that Participant will 
be entitled to payment in settlement of each Performance Unit for which the 
Performance Period was prescribed (i) based upon the Performance Goals 
satisfied at the end of such period; and (ii) prorated for the portion of 
the Performance Period during which the Participant was in Service with the 
Corporation or any of its Affiliates; provided, however, the Committee may 
provide for an earlier payment in settlement of such Performance Unit in 
such amount or amounts and under such terms and conditions as the Committee 
deems appropriate or desirable with the consent of the Participant.  If a 
Participant terminates Service with the Corporation or any of its 
Affiliates during a Performance Period for any other reason, the 
Participant will not be entitled to any payment with respect to that 
Performance Period unless the Committee will otherwise determine.

Section 4.5                                   Award.  Each Performance Unit 
will be paid in cash either as a lump sum payment or in annual 
installments, as the Committee will determine at the time of grant of the 
Performance Unit or otherwise, commencing as soon as practicable after the 
end of the relevant Performance Period.

Section 4.6                                   Section 409A.  If required, 
Performance Units granted under this Article 4 will be subject to and 
conform to the requirements of Code Section 409A.

ARTICLE 5
RESTRICTED STOCK AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS

Section 5.1                                   Award.  Subject to the terms 
and provisions of the Plan, the Committee may grant, at any time and from 
time to time, Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units to any Eligible 
Individual in the number and form, and subject to such restrictions on 
transferability and other restrictions as the Committee may determine in 
its discretion, including without limitation the achievement of Performance 
Goals.  Restricted Stock also may be received by a Participant as the 
result of an exercise of an Option, when such award has not vested.  
Restricted Stock and RSUs will be subject to a restriction period (after 
which restrictions will lapse), which means a period commencing on the 
Award Date and ending on such date or upon the achievement of such 
Performance Goals or other criteria as the Committee will determine (the 
Restriction Period).  The Committee may provide for the lapse of 
restrictions in installments where it deems appropriate.

Section 5.2                                   Restriction Period.  Except 
as otherwise provided in this Article 5, no shares of Restricted Stock 
received by a Participant will be sold, exchanged, transferred, pledged, 
hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of during the Restriction Period.  
Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, the Restriction Period 
for any recipient of Restricted Stock or RSUs will expire and all 
restrictions on shares of Restricted Stock will lapse upon a Participants 
Death or becoming a Disabled Participant.

 

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Section 5.3                                   Termination.  Except as 
otherwise provided in Section 5.2 above, if a Participants Termination 
occurs before the expiration of the Restriction Period, all shares of 
Restricted Stock still subject to restriction, will be forfeited by the 
recipient, unless the Committee otherwise determines, and will be 
reacquired by the Corporation.  In the case of Restricted Stock purchased 
through the exercise of an Option, the Corporation will refund the Exercise 
Price paid on the exercise of the Option.  Such forfeited shares of 
Restricted Stock will again become available for award under the Plan.

Section 5.4                                   Exchange of Shares.  Nothing 
in this Article 5 will preclude a recipient of Restricted Stock from 
exchanging any shares of Restricted Stock subject to the restrictions 
contained herein for any other shares of Stock that are similarly 
restricted.

Section 5.5                                   Dividend Equivalents.  Any 
Award of Restricted Stock under the Plan may earn, in the discretion of the 
Committee and if the shares are unissued, Dividend Equivalents.  In respect 
of any such Award that is outstanding on a dividend record date for Stock, 
the Participant may be credited with an amount equal to the cash or stock 
dividends or other distributions that would have been paid on the shares of 
Stock covered by such Award had such covered shares been issued and 
outstanding on such dividend record date.  The Committee will establish 
such rules and procedures governing the crediting of Dividend Equivalents, 
including the timing, form of payment and payment contingencies of such 
Dividend Equivalents, as it deems are appropriate or necessary.

Section 5.6                                   Deferral of Restricted Stock
.  If the applicable Award Agreement so provides, a Participant may elect, 
in accordance with such procedures as the Committee may specify from time 
to time, to defer the delivery of such Restricted Stock and, if the 
deferral election so specifies, of the Dividend Equivalents with respect 
thereto, until the date or dates specified in such election.  Any deferral 
under this Section must comply with the provisions of Code Section 409A.  
Deferred Restricted Stock will not be issued until the date or dates that 
it is to be delivered to the Participant in accordance with his or her 
deferral election, at which time certificates evidencing Stock will be 
delivered to the Participant (unless such Deferred Restricted Stock has 
previously been forfeited pursuant to Section 5.3).  From the Award Date of 
Deferred Restricted Stock through the earlier of (i) the date such Deferred 
Restricted Stock is forfeited, and (ii) the date certificates evidencing 
such Deferred Restricted Stock are delivered to the Participant, the 
Participant will be entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents with respect 
thereto, but will have none of the rights of a stockholder with respect to 
such shares; provided, that if the deferral election made with respect to 
such Deferred Restricted Stock specifies that the Dividend Equivalents will 
be deferred, the Dividend Equivalents will not be paid until the date or 
dates specified in such deferral election.

ARTICLE 6
STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS

Section 6.1                                   Grant of Stock Appreciation 
Rights.  The Committee will have the authority, in its discretion, to grant 
Stock Appreciation Rights to Participants at any time and from time to 
time.  Within the limits of Article 2 and this Article 6, the Committee 
will have sole discretion to determine the number of SARs granted to each 
Participant and, consistent with the provisions of the Plan, to determine 
the terms and conditions pertaining to SARs.  The Committee may grant

 

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Freestanding SARs, Tandem SARs or any combination of the two, as specified 
in the Award Agreement.  Stock Appreciation Rights granted in conjunction 
with a Non-Qualified Stock Option may be granted either at the time such 
Non-Qualified Stock Option is granted or at any time thereafter during the 
term of such Non-Qualified Stock Option.  Stock Appreciation Rights granted 
in conjunction with an Incentive Stock Option may only be granted at the 
time such Incentive Stock Option is granted.

The Exercise Price of a Freestanding SAR will equal the Fair Market Value 
of a share of Stock on the Award Date of the SAR.  If a Tandem SAR is 
granted after the grant of the related Option, or if an Option is granted 
after the grant of the Tandem SAR, the later granted Award will have the 
same Exercise Price as the earlier granted Award, but the Exercise Price 
for the later granted Award may be less than the Fair Market Value of the 
Stock at the time of such grant.  SARs may be subject to Code Section 409A.

Section 6.2                                   Exercise of Tandem SARs.  
Tandem SARs may be exercised for all or part of the shares subject to the 
related Option, upon the surrender of the right to exercise the equivalent 
portion of the related Option.  A Tandem SAR may be exercised only with 
respect to the shares for which its related Option is then exercisable.

Section 6.3                                   Exercise of Freestanding SARs
.  Freestanding SARs may be exercised upon whatever terms and conditions 
the Committee, in its sole discretion, imposes, and sets forth in the Award 
Agreement.

Section 6.4                                   Term of SARs.  The Committee 
will determine the term of an SAR, in its sole discretion, which it will 
set forth in the Award Agreement.  The term of an SAR may not exceed ten 
years.

Section 6.5                                   Payment of SAR Amount.  Upon 
exercise of an SAR, a Participant will be entitled to receive payment from 
the Corporation in an amount determined by multiplying:

        (a)                                  the excess (or some portion of
        the excess as determined at the time of the grant by the Committee)
        if any, of the Fair Market Value of a share on the date of exercise
        of the SAR over the Exercise Price specified in the Award
        Agreement; by

        (b)                                 the number of shares of Stock
        as to which the SAR is exercised.

The Committee will set forth in the Award Agreement whether the payment 
upon SAR exercise will be made in cash, in shares of Stock of equivalent 
Fair Market Value or in some combination of the two.

ARTICLE 7
CERTIFICATES FOR AWARDS OF STOCK

Section 7.1                                   Stock Certificates.  Except 
as otherwise provided in this Section 7.1, each Participant entitled to 
receive shares of Stock under the Plan will be issued a certificate for 
such shares.  Such certificate will be registered in the name of the 
Participant and will bear an appropriate legend reciting the terms, 
conditions and restrictions, if any, applicable to the Stock and will be 
subject to appropriate stop-transfer orders.  To the extent that the Plan 
provides for issuance of stock certificates to reflect the issuance of 
shares of Stock, the issuance may be

 

16

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

effected on a non-certificated basis, to the extent not prohibited by 
applicable law or the applicable rules of any stock exchange.  If the 
issuance of shares under the Plan is effected on a non-certificated basis, 
the issuance of shares to a Participant will be reflected by crediting (by 
means of a book entry) the applicable number of shares of Stock to an 
account maintained by the Corporation in the name of such Participant, 
which account may be an account maintained by the Corporation for such 
Participant under any dividend reinvestment program offered by the 
Corporation.  The Committee may require, under such terms and conditions as 
it deems appropriate or desirable, that the certificates for Restricted 
Stock delivered under the Plan be held in custody by a bank or other 
institution, or that the Corporation may itself hold such shares in custody 
until the Restriction Period expires or until restrictions thereon 
otherwise lapse, and may require, as a condition of any receipt of 
Restricted Stock, that the recipient will have delivered a stock power 
endorsed in blank relating to the Restricted Stock.  Certificates for 
shares of unrestricted Stock may be delivered to the Participant after, and 
only after, the Restricted Period will have expired without forfeiture in 
respect of such shares of Restricted Stock.

Section 7.2                                   Compliance With Laws and 
Regulations.  The Corporation will not be required to issue or deliver any 
certificates for shares of Stock, or to effect the issuance of any 
non-certificated shares as provided in Section 7.1, prior to (a) the 
listing of such shares on any stock exchange or quotation system on which 
the Stock may then be listed; and (b) the completion of any registration or 
qualification of such shares under any Federal or state law, or any ruling 
or regulation of any government body which the Corporation will, in its 
sole discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable.

Section 7.3                                   Restrictions.  All 
certificates for shares of Stock delivered under the Plan (and all 
non-certificated shares credited to a Participants account as provided in 
Section 7.1) also will be subject to such stop-transfer orders and other 
restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the rules, 
regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, any stock exchange or quotation system upon which the Stock is 
then listed and any applicable Federal or state securities laws; and the 
Committee may cause a legend or legends to be placed on any such 
certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions.  The 
foregoing provisions of this Section 7.3 will not be effective if and to 
the extent that the shares of Stock delivered under the Plan are covered by 
an effective and current registration statement under the Securities Act of 
1933, or if and so long as the Committee determines that application of 
such provisions is no longer required or desirable.  In making such 
determination, the Committee may rely upon an opinion of counsel for the 
Corporation.

Section 7.4                                   Rights of Stockholders.  
Except for the restrictions on Restricted Stock under Article 5, each 
Participant who receives an award of Stock will have all of the rights of a 
stockholder with respect to such shares, including the right to vote the 
shares and receive dividends and other distributions.  No Participant 
awarded an Option, a Stock Appreciation Right, a Performance Unit or an RSU 
will have any right as a stockholder with respect to any shares subject to 
such Award prior to the date of issuance to him or her of a certificate or 
certificates for such shares, or if applicable, the crediting of 
non-certificated shares to an account maintained by the Corporation in the 
name of such Participant.

 

17

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

ARTICLE 8
NORMAL OR EARLY RETIREMENT

At the time of any Awards, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may add 
such provisions, including, but not limited to, provisions for fully or 
partial vesting and lapse of restrictions, to Participants Awards relating 
to an Employees normal or early retirement, which the Committee shall 
define.

ARTICLE 9
CHANGE IN CONTROL

The Committee will have the discretion to provide in applicable Award 
Agreements that, in the event of a Change in Control or Significant Event, 
the following provisions will apply:

        (a)                                  Each outstanding Option will
        immediately become vested and exercisable in full;

        (b)                                 The restrictions on each share
        of Restricted Stock, RSU, or Performance Unit will lapse; and

        (c)                                  Each outstanding SAR will
        immediately become vested and exercisable in full;

provided that, full vesting of all outstanding Awards will occur upon 
consummation of a Change in Control unless the Corporation is the surviving 
entity and any adjustments reasonably necessary to preserve the value of 
the Participants outstanding Awards have been made, or the Corporations 
successor at the time of the Change in Control irrevocably assumes the 
Corporations obligations under this Plan or replaces each Participants 
outstanding Award with an award of equal or greater value and having terms 
and conditions no less favorable to the Participant than those applicable 
to the Participants Award immediately prior to the Change in Control.

In the event of a Change in Control or Significant Event, the Committee 
will have the discretion to provide for (a) the termination of any or all 
outstanding Options and SARs as of the effective date of such Change in 
Control or Significant Event and/or (b) the settlement and termination of 
any or all outstanding Options and SARs for consideration equal to the 
consideration paid to holders of Stock (in their capacity as such) in such 
Change in Control or Significant Event over the Exercise Price for such 
Option or SAR being settled and terminated (and, if the Exercise Price 
exceeds such price per share, at no consideration); provided, that, no 
Option or SAR will be terminated (without the consent of the Participant) 
pursuant to clause (a) foregoing prior to the expiration of the later of 
(x) twenty (20) days following the date on which the Participant received 
written notice of the Change in Control or Significant Event and (y) the 
date of consummation of such Change in Control or Significant Event.

ARTICLE 10
MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.1                            Effect of the Plan on the Rights of 
Employees and Employer.  Neither the adoption of the Plan nor any action of 
the Board or the Committee pursuant to the Plan will be deemed to give any 
Eligible Individual any right to be granted an Award under the Plan and

 

18

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

nothing in the Plan, in any Award granted under the Plan or in any Award 
Agreement will confer any right to any Participant to continue in the 
employment of the Corporation or any Affiliate or to continue to be 
retained to provide Services to the Corporation or any Affiliate as a 
Director, or Consultant or interfere in any way with the rights of the 
Corporation or any Affiliate to terminate a Participants Service at any 
time.

Section 10.2                            Amendment.  The Board specifically 
reserves the right to alter and amend the Plan at any time and from time to 
time and the right to revoke or terminate the Plan or to suspend the 
granting of Awards pursuant to the Plan; provided always that no such 
revocation, termination, alteration or suspension of any Award will 
terminate any outstanding Award theretofore granted under the Plan, unless 
there is a liquidation or a dissolution of the Corporation; and provided 
further that no such alteration or amendment of the Plan will, without 
prior stockholder approval (i) increase the total number of shares which 
may be issued or delivered under the Plan; (ii) make any changes in the 
class of Eligible Individuals; (iii) extend the period set forth in the 
Plan during which Awards may be granted; or (iv) make any changes that 
require stockholder approval under the rules and regulations of any 
securities exchange or market on which the Stock is traded.  No alteration, 
amendment, revocation, or termination of the Plan or suspension of any 
Award will adversely affect, without the written consent of the holder of 
an Award theretofore granted under the Plan, the rights of such holder with 
respect to such Award.  The Committee may not amend any Award to extend the 
exercise period beyond a date that is later than the earlier of the latest 
date upon which the Award could have expired by its original terms under 
any circumstances or the tenth anniversary of the original date of grant of 
the Award, or otherwise cause the Award to become subject to Code Section 
409A.  However, if the exercise period of an Option is extended at a time 
when the Exercise Price of the Option equals or exceeds the Fair Market 
Value of the Stock that could be purchased (in the case of an Option) or 
the Fair Market Value of the Stock used to determine the payment to the 
Participant (in the case of a Stock Appreciation Right), it is not an 
extension of the original Award.

Section 10.3                            Effective Date and Duration of Plan
.  The Plan will be effective as of September 18, 2007 (the Effective 
Date), the date of its adoption by the Board, provided that the 
stockholders of the Corporation thereafter approve it at a duly held 
stockholders meeting.  If the Plan is not so approved by stockholders, the 
Plan (and any Award granted under the Plan) will be null, void and of no 
force or effect.  If so approved, the Plan will remain in effect until the 
earliest of the date (i) all shares authorized to be issued or transferred 
hereunder have been issued or transferred (ii) the Plan is terminated by 
the Board of Directors, or (iii) the tenth anniversary of the Effective 
Date, and will continue in effect thereafter with respect to any Awards 
outstanding at the time of such termination.  In no event will an Incentive 
Stock Option be granted under the Plan more than ten (10) years from the 
date the Plan is adopted by the Board, or the date the Plan is approved by 
the Corporations stockholders, whichever is earlier, unless within such 
ten year period stockholders approve an increase in the number of shares 
available for grants under the Plan, in which case more than ten (10) years 
from the last date on which the stockholders so approve any such increase.

Section 10.4                            Unfunded Status of Plan.  The Plan 
will be unfunded.  The Corporation will not be required to establish any 
special or separate fund nor to make any other segregation of assets to 
assume the payment of any benefits under the Plan.  With respect to any 
payments not yet made to a Participant pursuant to an Award, nothing 
contained in the Plan or any Award will

 

19

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

give any such Participant any rights that are greater than those of a 
general unsecured creditor of the Corporation; provided, however, that the 
Committee may authorize the creation of trusts or make other arrangements 
to meet the Corporations obligations under the Plan to deliver cash, 
shares or other property pursuant to any Award, which trusts or other 
arrangements will be consistent with the unfunded status of the Plan 
unless the Committee otherwise determines. Any provision of this Plan that 
becomes subject to Code Section 409A, will be interpreted and applied 
consistent with that Section.

Section 10.5                            Employee Status.  For purposes of 
determining questions of Termination and exercise of an Option or Stock 
Appreciation Right after a Participants Termination, a leave of absence 
for military service, illness, short-term disability or other reasons 
approved by a duly authorized officer of the Corporation will not be 
treated as Termination or interruption of Service; provided, however, that, 
with respect to an Incentive Stock Option, if such leave of absence exceeds 
ninety (90) days, such Option will be deemed a Non-Qualified Stock Option 
unless the Eligible Individuals right to reemployment with the Corporation 
or a Affiliate following such leave of absence is guaranteed by statute or 
by contract.

Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Committee, in its 
sole discretion, reserves the right to designate a Participants leave of 
absence longer than ninety (90) consecutive days, other than for illness or 
short-term disability, as Personal Leave, provided that military leaves 
and approved family or medical leaves will not be considered Personal 
Leave.  A Participants unvested Awards will remain unvested during a 
Personal Leave and the time spent on a Personal Leave will not count 
towards the vesting of such Awards.  A Participants vested Options or SARs 
that may be exercised will remain exercisable upon commencement of Personal 
Leave until the earlier of (i) a period of one year from the date of 
commencement of such Personal Leave; or (ii) the remaining exercise period 
of such Options.

Section 10.6                            Tax Withholding.  Whenever the 
Corporation proposes or is required to distribute Stock under the Plan, the 
Corporation may require the recipient to remit to the Corporation an amount 
sufficient to satisfy any Federal, state and local tax withholding 
requirements prior to the delivery of any certificate for such shares or, 
in the discretion of the Committee, the Corporation may withhold from the 
shares to be delivered the minimum number of shares sufficient to satisfy 
all or a portion of such tax withholding requirements.  Whenever under the 
Plan payments are to be made in cash, such payments may be net of an amount 
sufficient to satisfy any Federal, state and local tax withholding 
requirements.

Any Award may provide that the Participant may elect, in accordance with 
any conditions set forth in such Award, to pay any withholding taxes in 
shares of Stock; provided that, the Participant, by accepting the Award 
will be deemed to instruct and authorize the Corporation or its delegatee 
for such purpose to sell on his or her behalf a whole number of shares of 
Stock from those shares of Stock issuable to the Participant in payment of 
vested shares of Restricted Stock or units as the Corporation or its 
delegatee determines to be appropriate to generate cash proceeds sufficient 
to satisfy the minimum tax withholding obligation.  This direction and 
authorization is intended to comply with the requirements of Rule 
10b5-1(c)(1)(i)(B) under the Exchange Act, and to be interpreted to comply 
with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c).  Such shares will be sold on the 
day the Restricted Stock or units become vested, which is the date the 
tax-withholding obligation arises, or as soon thereafter as practicable.  
The Participant will be responsible for all brokerage fees and other costs 
of sale, and the Participant will agree to

 

20

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

indemnify and hold the Corporation harmless from any losses, costs, 
damages, or expenses relating to any such sale.  To the extent the proceeds 
of such sale exceed the Participants minimum tax withholding obligation (
e.g., because of the need to sell whole shares), the Corporation or its 
delegatee will pay such excess in cash to the Participant through payroll 
as soon as practicable.  The Corporation is under no obligation to arrange 
for such sale at any particular price.  The Participant agrees to pay to 
the Corporation as soon as practicable, including through additional 
payroll withholding, any amount of the tax withholding obligation that is 
not satisfied by the sale of shares described above.

Section 10.7                            Benefits.  Amounts received under 
the Plan are not to be taken into account for purposes of computing 
benefits under other plans.

Section 10.8                            Successors and Assigns.  The terms 
of the Plan will be binding upon the Corporation and its successors and 
assigns.

Section 10.9                            Headings.  Captions preceding the 
sections hereof are inserted solely as a matter of convenience and in no 
way define or limit the scope or intent of any provision hereof.

Section 10.10                     Federal and State Laws, Rules and 
Regulations.  The Plan and the grant of Awards will be subject to all 
applicable federal and state laws, rules, and regulations and to such 
approval by any government or regulatory agency as may be required.

Section 10.11                     Governing Law.  To the extent not 
preempted by federal law, this Plan, any Award Agreement, and documents 
evidencing Awards or rights relating to Awards will be construed, 
administered and governed in all respects under and by the laws of the 
State of Illinois, without giving effect to its conflict of laws 
principles.  If any provision of this Plan will be held by a court of 
competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining 
provisions hereof will continue to be fully effective.  The jurisdiction 
and venue for any disputes arising under, or any action brought to enforce 
(or otherwise relating to), this Plan will be exclusively in the courts in 
the State of Illinois, County of Cook, including the Federal Courts located 
therein (should Federal jurisdiction exist).

Section 10.12                     Beneficiary Designation.  Each 
Participant may name, from time to time, any beneficiary or beneficiaries 
(who may be named contingently or successively) to whom any benefit under 
the Plan is to be paid in case the Participant should die or become a 
Disabled Participant before receiving any or all of his or her Plan 
benefits.  Each beneficiary designation will revoke all prior designations 
by the same Participant, must be in a form prescribed by the Committee, and 
must be made during the Participants lifetime.  If the Participants 
designated beneficiary predeceases the Participant or no beneficiary has 
been designated, benefits remaining unpaid at the Participants death will 
be paid to the Participants estate or other entity described in the 
Participants Award Agreement.

Section 10.13                     Restrictive Covenants.  An Award 
Agreement may provide that, notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Plan to the contrary, if the Participant breaches the non-compete, 
non-solicitation, non-disclosure or other restrictive covenants of the 
Award Agreement, whether during or after Termination, in addition to any 
other penalties or restrictions that may apply under any employment 
agreement, state law, or otherwise, the Participant will forfeit:

 

21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


         

        (a)                                  any and all Awards granted to
        him or her under the Plan, including Awards that have become vested
        and exercisable; and/or

        (b)                                 the profit the Participant has
        realized on the exercise of any Options, which is the difference
        between the Options Exercise Price and the Fair Market Value of
        any Option the Participant exercised after terminating Service and
        within the six month period immediately preceding the Participants
        termination of Service (the Participant may be required to repay
        such difference to the Corporation).

Section 10.14                     Indemnification.  Each person who is or 
has been a member of the Committee or the Board, and any individual or 
individuals to whom the Committee has delegated authority under Article 2 
of the Plan, will be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation and 
its Affiliates from and against any loss, cost, liability, or expense that 
may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with 
or as a result of any claim, action, suit or proceeding to which he or she 
may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any 
action taken, or failure to act, under the Plan to the extent permitted by 
State law.  Each such person will also be indemnified and held harmless by 
the Corporation and its Affiliates from and against any and all amounts 
paid by him or her in a settlement approved by the Corporation, or paid by 
him or her in satisfaction of any judgment, of or in a claim, action, suit 
or proceeding against him or her and described in the previous sentence, so 
long as he or she gives the Corporation an opportunity, at its own expense, 
to handle and defend the claim, action, suit or proceeding before he or she 
undertakes to handle and defend it.  The foregoing right of indemnification 
will not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which a 
person who is or has been a member of the Committee or the Board may be 
entitled under the Corporations Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws, as a 
matter of law, or otherwise, or any power that the Corporation may have to 
indemnify him or her or hold him or her harmless.

Section 10.15                     Notice.  Any notice or other 
communication required or permitted under the Plan must be in writing and 
must be delivered personally, sent by certified, registered, or express 
mail, or sent by overnight courier, at the senders expense.  Notice will 
be deemed given (i) when delivered personally or, (ii) if mailed, three 
days after the date of deposit in the United States mail or, (iii) if sent 
by overnight courier, on the regular business day following the date sent.  
Notice to the Participant should be sent to the address set forth on the 
Corporations records.  Either party may change the address to which the 
other party must give notice under this Section by giving the other party 
written notice of such change, in accordance with the procedures described 
above.

Section 10.16                     Awards Not Transferable.  Except as 
otherwise provided by the Committee, Awards under the Plan are not 
transferable other than to a beneficiary designated by the Participant in 
the event of a Participants death, or by will or the laws of descent and 
distribution.  An Award Agreement for a grant of Non-Qualified Stock 
Options may permit or may be amended to permit the Participant who received 
the Option, at any time prior to the Participants death, to assign all or 
any portion of the Option granted to him or her to (a) the Participants 
spouse or lineal descendants; (b) the trustee of a trust for the primary 
benefit of the Participant, the Participants spouse or lineal descendants, 
or any combination thereof; (c) a partnership of which the Participant, the 
Participants spouse and/or lineal descendants are the only partners; (d) 
custodianships for lineal descendants under the Uniform Transfers to Minors 
Act or any other similar statute; or (e) upon the termination of a trust by 
the custodian or trustee thereof, or the

 

22

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

dissolution or other termination of the family partnership or the 
termination of a custodianship under the Uniform Transfers to Minors Act or 
other similar statute, to the person or persons who, in accordance with the 
terms of such trust, partnership or custodianship are entitled to receive 
Options held in trust, partnership or custody.  In such event, the spouse, 
lineal descendant, trustee, partnership or custodianship will be entitled 
to all of the Participants rights with respect to the assigned portion of 
such Option, and such portion of the Option will continue to be subject to 
all of the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to the Option, as 
set forth herein and in the related option agreement.  Any such assignment 
will be permitted only if: (x) the Participant does not receive any 
consideration therefor; and (y) the applicable Award Agreement expressly 
permits the assignment.  The Committees approval of an Award Agreement 
with assignment rights will not require the Committee to include such 
assignment rights in an Award Agreement with any other Participant.  Any 
such assignment will be evidenced by an appropriate written document 
executed by the Participant, and the Participant will deliver a copy 
thereof to the Committee on or prior to the effective date of the 
assignment.  An assignee or transferee of an Option must sign an agreement 
with the Corporation to be bound by the terms of the applicable Award 
Agreement.

Except as otherwise provided in a Participants Award Agreement, no Option, 
SAR, RSU, Restricted Stock or Performance Unit granted under the Plan may 
be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or 
hypothecated, other than by will or by the laws of descent and 
distribution, or pursuant to a domestic relations order (as defined in Code 
Section 414(p)).  The Committee may require, in its discretion, a 
Participants guardian or legal representative to supply it with the 
evidence the Committee deems necessary to establish the authority of the 
guardian or legal representative to act on behalf of the Participant.

Section 10.17                     Awards to Foreign Nationals and Employees 
Outside the United States.  To the extent the Committee deems it necessary, 
appropriate or desirable to comply with foreign law or practice and to 
further the purposes of this Plan, the Committee may, without amending the 
Plan, (i) establish rules applicable to Awards granted to Participants who 
are foreign nationals, are employed outside the United States, or both, 
including rules that differ from those set forth in this Plan, and (ii) 
grant Awards to such Participants in accordance with those rules.

Section 10.18                     Compliance With Code Section 409A.  
Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, all Awards made 
under this Plan are intended to be exempt from or, in the alternative, 
comply with Code Section 409A and the interpretive guidance thereunder, 
including the exceptions for stock rights and short-term deferrals.  The 
Plan will be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent.

 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------