 EX-10.1 2 a07-28747_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
THIS EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement) dated effective as of 
November 1, 2007 (Effective Date), is made and entered into by and 
between EMRISE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (Employer), and 
CARMINE T. OLIVA (Executive).
 
R E C I T A L S
 
Employer desires that Executive enter into an employment relationship with 
Employer in order to provide the necessary leadership and senior management 
skills that are important to the success of Employer. Employer believes 
that obtaining Executives services as an employee of Employer and the 
benefits of his business experience are of material importance to Employer 
and Employers stockholders.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Executives employment by Employer and 
the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Employer and Executive intend 
by this Agreement to specify the terms and conditions of Executives 
employment relationship with Employer.
 
1.             General Duties of Employer and Executive.
 
(a)           Employer agrees to employ Executive and Executive agrees to 
accept employment by Employer and to serve Employer in an executive 
capacity upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. Employer hereby 
employs Executive as President and Chief Executive Officer of Employer as 
of the Effective Date, reporting to the Board of Directors of Employer (the 
Board). Executive will also serve as Chairman of the Board. Executives 
duties and responsibilities shall be those normally assumed by the 
President and Chief Executive Officer of a publicly-owned company similarly 
situated to Employer, as well as such other or additional duties, as may 
from time-to-time be assigned to Executive by the Board. Such other or 
additional duties shall be consistent with the senior executive functions 
set forth above.
 
(b)           While employed hereunder, Executive shall use his best 
efforts to obey the lawful directions of the Board. Executive shall also 
use his best efforts to promote the interests of Employer and to maintain 
and to promote the reputation of Employer. While employed hereunder, 
Executive shall devote his full business time, efforts, skills and 
attention to the affairs of Employer and faithfully perform his duties and 
responsibilities hereunder.
 
(c)           While this Agreement is in effect, Executive may from time to 
time engage in any activities that do not compete directly with Employer, 
provided that such activities do not interfere with his performance of his 
duties. Executive shall be permitted to (i) invest his personal assets as a 
passive investor in such form or manner as Executive may choose in his 
discretion, (ii) participate in various charitable efforts, and (iii) serve 
as a member of the Board of Directors of other corporations which are not 
competitors of Employer.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
2.             Compensation and Benefits.
 
(a)           As compensation for his services to Employer, Employer shall 
pay to Executive an annual base salary of $350,000, payable in equal 
semimonthly payments in accordance with Employers regular payroll policy 
for salaried employees (the Salary). The Compensation Committee of the 
Board (the Compensation Committee) shall perform an annual review of 
Executives Salary based on a review of Executives performance of his 
duties and Employers other compensation policies. The Compensation 
Committee may, at its sole discretion, increase (but not decrease) the 
Salary at any time, and from time to time.
 
(b)           In addition to the foregoing Salary, Executive shall be 
eligible for an annual incentive bonus (Incentive Bonus) based on 
criteria determined by the Compensation Committee, at its sole discretion. 
The Incentive Bonus shall be payable annually in cash, following the date 
on which Employers Form 10-K for the previous fiscal year is filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission, but in no event later than the 
Short Term Deferral Date as defined in Section 3(a).
 
(c)           Upon Executives furnishing to Employer customary and 
reasonable documentary support (such as receipts or paid bills) evidencing 
costs and expenses incurred by him in the performance of his services and 
duties hereunder (including, without limitation, travel and entertainment, 
cellular telephone, computer and other home office expenses) and containing 
sufficient information to establish the amount, date, place and essential 
character of the expenditure, Executive shall be reimbursed for such costs 
and expenses in accordance with Employers normal expense reimbursement 
policy.
 
(d)           Executive shall be entitled to participate in the medical 
(including hospitalization), dental, life and disability insurance plans, 
to the extent offered by Employer, and in amounts consistent with 
Employers policy for other senior executive officers of Employer, with 
premiums for all such insurance for Executive and his dependents to be paid 
by Employer, subject to customary employee contributions. In addition, 
Employer shall purchase and maintain in effect a life insurance policy on 
Executives life, in the amount of $1,000,000, payable to Executives 
estate in the event of his death during the time Executive is employed by 
Employer, or as provided for in Paragraph 7(c)(vi).
 
(e)           Executive shall have the right to participate in any 
additional compensation, benefit, bonus, pension, stock option, stock 
purchase, 401(k) or other plan or arrangement of Employer now or hereafter 
existing for the benefit of other senior executive officers of Employer, to 
the extent offered by Employer, and in amounts consistent with the 
Employers policy.
 
(f)            Executive shall be entitled to vacation (but in no event 
less than four (4) weeks per year), holiday and other paid or unpaid leaves 
of absence consistent with Employers normal policies for other senior 
executive officers of Employer or as otherwise approved by the Board. 
Executive shall be entitled to accrue vacation time for one (1) year. If 
Executive does not take the accrued vacation during the following year, he 
shall be paid for the unused vacation at his Salary rate then in effect.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(g)           Executive shall be provided a monthly car allowance in the 
amount of at least $750.00.
 
(h)           Executive shall be entitled to the non-exclusive use of 
Employers corporate residence.
 
(i)            Employer shall purchase and maintain in effect a directors 
and officers liability insurance policy with a minimum limit of liability 
of $10,000,000 and shall enter into an indemnification agreement with 
Executive upon terms and conditions mutually acceptable to Employer and 
Executive.
 
(j)            Employer agrees, by action of its Board, to nominate 
Executive as a Class III member of the Board and seek stockholder approval 
of such nomination at the 2008 annual meeting of the stockholders of 
Employer.
 
3.             Deferred Compensation.
 
(a)           This Agreement is not intended to provide for any deferral of 
compensation payable during Executives employment pursuant to Section 409A 
of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code) and, accordingly, any 
compensation paid to Executive pursuant to this Agreement during 
Executives employment is intended to be paid not later than the later of:  
(i) the fifteenth (15th) day of the third (3rd) month following the 
Executives first (1st) taxable year in which such benefit is no longer 
subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, and (ii) the fifteenth (15th) 
day of the third (3rd) month following the first (1st) taxable year of 
Employer in which such benefit is no longer subject to a substantial risk 
of forfeiture, as determined in accordance with Section 409A of the Code 
and any Treasury Regulations and other guidance issued thereunder. The date 
determined under this subsection is referred to as the Short-Term Deferral 
Date.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event that 
any compensation paid pursuant to this Agreement during Executives 
employment is not actually or constructively received by Executive on or 
before the Short-Term Deferral Date, to the extent such compensation, or 
any portion thereof, constitutes a deferral of compensation subject to Code 
Section 409A, then, subject to Section 3(b), such benefit shall be paid 
upon Executives separation from service, with respect to Employer and its 
affiliates within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.
 
(b)           In the event that Executive is a specified employee, as 
defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code as of the date of any 
separation from service with respect to Employer and its affiliates, no 
payment of deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A may be made 
to Executive before the date that is six (6) months after the date of 
separation from service (or, if earlier, the date of death of the specified 
employee), and, in such case, any payments shall be accumulated and paid on 
the first date of the seventh (7th) month following separation from 
service; provided, however, that any payment or portion thereof which is 
subject to an exemption for separation pay to specified employees as 
provided under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A, or is subject to any other 
exemption provided under Treasury Regulation § 1.409A allowing for payment 
to a specified employee prior to the date that is six (6) months after the 
date of separation from service, may be paid to Executive upon separation 
from service.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
4.             Preservation of Business; Fiduciary Responsibility.
 
Executive shall use his best efforts to preserve the business and 
organization of Employer and to preserve the business relations of 
Employer. So long as the Executive is employed by Employer, Executive shall 
observe and fulfill proper standards of fiduciary responsibility attendant 
upon his service and office.
 
5.             No Specified Term; Employment at Will.
 
The employment relationship between Employer and Executive pursuant to this 
Agreement is not for any specific term, but may be terminated with or 
without cause, by Employer or by Executive, at any time and for any reason, 
subject to the rights and obligations of Employer and Executive as set 
forth in this Agreement. Any modification to the nature of the at-will 
employment relationship between Employer and Executive must be made in 
writing, and must be signed by Executive and by Employer.
 
6.             Termination.
 
Employer or Executive may terminate Executives employment under this 
Agreement at any time, but only on the following terms:
 
(a)           Employer may terminate Executives employment under this 
Agreement at any time for Due Cause (as defined in Appendix I attached 
hereto and incorporated herein by this reference) upon the good faith 
determination by the Board that Due Cause exists for the termination of the 
employment relationship.
 
(b)           If Executive is incapacitated by accident, sickness or 
otherwise so as to render Executive either:  (i)  unable to engage in any 
substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable 
physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or 
can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve 
(12) months; or (ii) by reason of any medically determinable physical or 
mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be 
expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) 
months is receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less 
than three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees 
of Employer; and such incapacity is confirmed by the U.S. Social Security 
Administration or in accordance with a disability insurance program 
maintained by Employer, Employer may terminate Executives employment under 
this Agreement upon giving Executive or his legal representative written 
notice at least 30 days prior to the termination date, subject to the 
provisions of Section 7(b). Notwithstanding anything expressed or implied 
above to the contrary, Employer will fully comply with its obligations 
under the Americans with Disabilities Act as well as any other applicable 
federal, state, or local law, regulation, or ordinance governing the 
protection of qualified individuals with disabilities as well as Employers 
obligation to provide reasonable accommodation thereunder.
 
(c)           This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon Executives 
death, subject to the provisions of Section 7(b).
 
(d)           Subject to the provisions of Section 7(c), Employer may 
terminate Executives employment under this Agreement at any time for any 
reason whatsoever, even
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
without Due Cause, by giving a written notice of termination to Executive, 
in which case the employment relationship shall terminate immediately upon 
the giving of the notice. If Employer terminates the employment of 
Executive other than (i) pursuant to Section 6(a) for Due Cause, (ii) due 
to incapacity pursuant to Section 6(b) or due to Executives death pursuant 
to Section 6(c), or (iii) Executives retirement, then the action by 
Employer, unless consented to in writing by Executive, shall be deemed to 
be a constructive termination by Employer of Executives employment (a 
Constructive Termination), and, in that event, Executive shall be 
entitled to receive the compensation set forth in Section 7(c).
 
(e)           Executive may terminate this Agreement at any time within 
ninety (90) days of the occurrence of any event comprising Good Reason 
(as defined in Appendix I attached hereto and incorporated herein by this 
reference); provided, however, that Executive provides Employer with 
written notice of the event or condition constituting Good Reason within 
thirty (30) days of the initial existence of such event or condition, and 
that Employer shall have a period of thirty (30) days to cure such event or 
condition and, in the event that Employer fails to cure such event or 
condition, Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation set 
forth in Section 7(c).
 
7.             Effect of Termination.
 
(a)           If the employment relationship is terminated (i) by Employer 
for Due Cause pursuant to Section 6(a), (ii) by Executive breaching this 
Agreement by refusing to continue his employment, or (iii) by Executive 
without Good Reason, then all compensation and benefits shall cease as of 
the date of termination, other than: (A) those benefits that are provided 
by retirement and benefit plans and programs specifically adopted and 
approved by Employer for Executive that are earned and vested by the date 
of termination; (B) Executives pro rata annual Salary (as in effect as of 
the date of termination, payable in the manner as prescribed in the first 
sentence of Section 2(a) through the date of termination; (C) any stock 
options which have vested as of the date of termination pursuant to the 
terms of the agreement granting the options; and (D) accrued vacation as 
required by California law.
 
(b)           If Executives employment relationship is terminated due to 
Executives incapacity pursuant to Section 6(b) or due to Executives death 
pursuant to Section 6(c), Executive or Executives estate or legal 
representative, shall, subject to Section 3 of this Agreement, be entitled 
to (i) those benefits that are provided by retirement and benefits plans 
and programs specifically adopted and approved by Employer for Executive 
that are earned and vested at the date of termination, (ii) a prorated 
Incentive Bonus, payable in the manner as prescribed in the second sentence 
of Section 2(b) (to the extent Executive would otherwise be eligible) for 
the fiscal year in which incapacity or death occurs, and (iii) a lump-sum 
cash payment, payable within ten (10) business days of separation from 
service due to death or disability, but in any event, not later than the 
Short-Term Deferral Date, in an amount equal to one (1) year of Executives 
then current annual Salary as set forth in Section 2(a), which amount shall 
be net of all then applicable federal, state and local taxes payable by 
Executive relating to such payment (said payment taking into consideration 
the full gross-up effect of additional taxes payable with respect to tax 
payments).
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)           In the event of a termination of this Agreement as a result 
of Constructive Termination, or by Executive for Good Reason, then Employer 
shall, subject to Section 3 of this Agreement:
 
        (i)            pay to Executive on the date of termination his
        Salary in effect as of the date of termination through the end of
        the month during which the termination occurs plus credit for any
        vacation earned but not taken;
         
        (ii)           pay to Executive on the first business day following
        the expiration of the revocation period described in Section 7(d) 
        (provided Executive has not tendered his revocation), but in any
        event, not later than the Short-Term Deferral Date, as severance
        pay an amount equal to three (3) times Executives then current
        annual Salary, which amount shall be net of all then applicable
        federal, state and local taxes payable by Executive relating to
        such payment (said payment taking into consideration the full
        gross-up effect of additional taxes payable with respect to tax
        payments);
         
        (iii)          pay to Executive the prorated Incentive Bonus, to
        the extent Executive would otherwise be eligible for any, for the
        fiscal year during which termination occurs, payable as provided in 
        Section 2(a); and
         
        (iv)          maintain, at Employers expense, in full force and
        effect, for Executives continued benefit, all medical insurance to
        which Executive was entitled immediately prior to the date of
        termination until the earliest of (i) eighteen (18) months or (ii)
        the date or dates that Executives continued participation in
        Employers medical insurance plan is not possible under the terms
        of the plans (the earliest of (i) and (ii) is referred to herein as
        the Benefits Date). If Employers medical insurance plan does not
        allow Executives continued participation in the plan, then
        Employer will pay to Executive, in monthly installments, from the
        date on which Executives participation in the medical insurance is
        prohibited until the date that is eighteen (18) months after the
        date of termination, an amount equal to the monthly premium or
        premiums for COBRA coverage with respect to Executive for the
        discontinued medical insurance; and
         
        (v)           pay to Executive on the date of termination a
        lump-sum cash payment equal to eighteen (18) times the estimated
        monthly COBRA premiums at the time of termination (taking into
        account all known or anticipated premium increases) to be used by
        Executive to maintain Executives continued medical insurance
        coverage for an additional period of eighteen (18) months, pursuant
        to Cal-COBRA, following the expiration of the COBRA reimbursement
        payments set forth in Section 7(c)(iv); and
         
        (vi)          pay to Executive on the date of termination a
        lump-sum cash payment equal to thirty-six (36) times the estimated
        monthly life insurance premiums at the time of termination (taking
        into account all known or anticipated premium increases) to be used
        by Executive to maintain: (i) Executives existing group life
        insurance coverage in force as of the date of separation; and (ii)
        the life
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        insurance policy on Executives life, in the amount of $1,000,000,
        each as provided for in Section 2(f), for a period of thirty-six
        (36) months after the date of termination.
         
(d)           Executive shall be entitled to the payments and benefits 
described in subsections 7(c)(ii) and (iv) only if Executive signs an 
appropriate separation agreement in a form acceptable to Employer, which 
includes a release of all claims against Employer to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, such agreement actually enters into effect following any 
revocation period required by law, and Executive complies fully with any 
continuing obligations under this Agreement.
 
(e)           Executive shall not be required to mitigate damages or the 
amount of any payment provided for under this Agreement by seeking other 
employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment provided for 
under this Agreement be reduced by any compensation earned by Executive as 
the result of employment by another Employer after the date of termination, 
or otherwise.
 
(f)            In the event of a termination of this Agreement for any 
reason, Employer shall return to Executive all of Executives personal 
property located at Employers offices and/or corporate residence and shall 
pay all costs associated with the return of such property (including 
Executives automobile) to Executives principal place of residence.
 
(g)           Except as expressly provided herein, the provisions of this 
Agreement, and any payment or benefit provided for hereunder, shall not 
reduce any amounts otherwise payable, or in any way diminish Executives 
existing rights, or rights which would accrue solely as a result of the 
passage of time, under any Employer Benefit Plan, employment agreement or 
other contract, plan or arrangement.
 
(h)           The amount of any payment provided under this Agreement shall 
not be reduced by reason of any present value calculation.
 
(i)            Upon termination of this Agreement, compensation and 
benefits shall be paid to the Executive as set forth in the applicable 
subsection of this Section 7 and stock grants or options granted to 
Executive, if any, shall be governed by the provisions of all stock grant 
or option agreements between Employer and Executive. In the event of a 
termination of this Agreement by Executive for Good Reason, all other 
rights and benefits Executive may have under the employee and/or executive 
benefit plans and arrangements of Employer generally shall be determined in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of those plans and arrangements.
 
8.             Payment Upon Change in Control.
 
Immediately preceding the occurrence of a Change in Control (as defined 
in Appendix I attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference), 
Employer shall pay to Employee, in immediately available funds, an amount 
equal to three (3) times Executives then current annual Salary, which 
amount shall be net of all then applicable federal, state and local taxes 
payable by Executive relating to such payment (said payment taking into 
consideration the full gross-up effect of additional taxes payable with 
respect to tax payments).
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
9.             Covenants of Confidentiality, Nondisclosure and 
Noncompetition.
 
(a)           During the term of this Agreement, Employer will provide to 
Executive certain confidential and proprietary information owned by 
Employer as more fully described below. Executive acknowledges that he 
occupies or will occupy a position of trust and confidence with Employer, 
and that Employer would be irreparably damaged if Executive were to breach 
the covenants set forth in this Section 9(a). Accordingly, Executive agrees 
that he will not, without the prior written consent of Employer, at any 
time during the term of this Agreement or any time thereafter, except as 
may be required by competent legal authority or as required by Employer to 
be disclosed in the course of performing Executives duties under this 
Agreement for Employer, use or disclose to any person, firm or other legal 
entity, any confidential records, secrets or information obtained by 
Executive during his employment hereunder related to Employer or any 
parent, subsidiary or affiliated person or entity (collectively, 
Confidential Information). Confidential Information shall include, 
without limitation, information about Employers Inventions (as defined in 
Section 10(a)), customer lists and product pricing, data, know-how, 
formulae, processes, ideas, past, current and planned product development, 
market studies, computer software and programs, database and network 
technologies, strategic planning and risk management. Executive 
acknowledges and agrees that all Confidential Information of Employer 
and/or its affiliates will be received in confidence and as a fiduciary of 
Employer. Executive will exercise utmost diligence to protect and guard the 
Confidential Information.
 
(b)           Executive agrees that he will not, without the express 
written consent of the Board, take with him upon the termination of this 
Agreement, any document or paper, or any photocopy or reproduction or 
duplication thereof, relating to any Confidential Information.
 
(c)           Executive agrees that he will, upon the termination of his 
employment, return all Employers property including but not limited to 
vehicles leased or owned by Employer, mobile telephone, fuel card, personal 
computer, all documents, working papers, information whether stored on 
computer disc or otherwise, and all other records relating to Employer and 
its business. Executive agrees that he will confirm in writing that he has 
complied with this clause, if requested to do so by Employer, within seven 
(7) days of receipt of such a request.
 
(d)           Executive agrees that, while Executive is employed with 
Employer, he will not, either directly or indirectly, have an interest in 
any business (whether as manager, operator, licensor, licensee, partner, 5% 
or greater equity holder, employee, consultant, director, advisor or 
otherwise) competitive with Employer or any of its business activities or 
solicit individuals or other entities that are customers or competitors of 
Employer. Executive further agrees that, for a period of twenty-four (24) 
months after the date of termination of this Agreement (the Restricted 
Period), Executive shall not use Employers trade secrets, either directly 
or indirectly, to compete in any way with the business of Employer and will 
not solicit individuals or other entities that are customers or competitors 
of Employer during the six-month period immediately prior to the date of 
termination of this Agreement, to terminate or change their contracts or 
business relations with Employer. Executive also agrees that, for the 
Restricted Period, he will not, either directly or indirectly, solicit any 
employee of Employer to terminate his employment with Employer.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(e)           For purposes of this Section 9, Employer shall include any 
of its parents, subsidiaries or any other entity in which it holds a 50% or 
greater equity interest.
 
10.           Inventions.
 
(a)           Any and all inventions, product, discoveries, improvements, 
processes, formulae, manufacturing methods or techniques, designs or 
styles, software applications or programs (collectively, Inventions) 
made, developed or created by Executive, alone or in conjunction with 
others, during regular hours of work or otherwise, during the term of 
Executives employment with Employer and for a period of two years 
thereafter that may be directly or indirectly related to the business of, 
or tests being carried out by, Employer, or any of its parents, 
subsidiaries, shall be promptly disclosed by Executive to Employer and 
shall be Employers exclusive property. The following provisions of the 
California Labor Code shall supplement this Section 10(a):
 
SECTION 2870 OF THE CALIFORNIA LABOR CODE
 
        Application of Provisions Providing that Employee Shall Assign or
        Offer to Assign Rights in Invention to Employer.
         
        (a)           Any provision in an employment agreement which
        provides that an employee shall assign, or offer to assign, any of
        his or her rights in an invention to his or her employer shall not
        apply to an invention that the employee developed entirely on his
        or her own time without using employers equipment, supplies,
        facilities, or trade secret information except for those inventions
        that either:
         
        (1)             Relate at the time of conception or reduction to
        practice of the invention to employers business, or actual or
        demonstrably anticipated research or development of employer; or
         
        (2)             Result from any work performed by the employee for
        employer.
         
        (b)           To the extent a provision in an employment agreement
        purports to require an employee to assign an invention otherwise
        excluded from being required to be assigned under subdivision (a),
        the provision is against the public policy of this state and is
        unenforceable.
         
(b)           Executive will, upon Employers request and without 
additional compensation, execute any documents necessary or advisable in 
the opinion of Employers legal counsel to direct the issuance of patents 
to Employer with respect to Inventions that are to be Employers exclusive 
property under this Section 10 or to vest in Employer title to the 
Inventions; the expense of securing any patent, however, shall be borne by 
Employer.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)           Executive will hold for Employers sole benefit any Invention 
that is to be Employers exclusive property under this Section 10 for which 
no patent is issued.
 
11.           No Violation.
 
Executive represents that he is not bound by any Agreement with any former 
employer or other party that would be violated by Executives employment by 
Employer.
 
12.           Injunctive Relief.
 
Executive acknowledges that the breach, or threatened breach, by Executive 
of the provisions of this Agreement shall cause irreparable harm to 
Employer, which harm cannot be fully redressed by the payment of damages to 
Employer. Accordingly, Employer shall be entitled, in addition to any other 
right or remedy it may have at law or in equity, to seek an injunction or 
restraining Executive from any violation or threatened violation of this 
Agreement.
 
13.           Dispute Resolution.
 
Subject to Section 12, all claims, disputes and other matters in 
controversy (dispute) arising, directly or indirectly out of or related 
to this Agreement, or the breach thereof, whether contractual or 
noncontractual, and whether during the term or after the termination of 
this Agreement, shall be resolved exclusively according to the procedures 
set forth in this Section 13, and not through resort to any judicial 
proceedings.
 
(a)           Neither party shall commence an arbitration proceeding 
pursuant to the provisions of Section 13(b) unless that party first gives a 
written notice (a Dispute Notice) to the other party setting forth the 
nature of the dispute. The parties shall attempt in good faith to resolve 
the dispute by mediation under the American Arbitration Association 
Commercial Mediation Rules in effect on the date of the Dispute Notice. If 
the parties cannot agree on the selection of a mediator within twenty (20) 
days after delivery of the Dispute Notice, the mediator will be selected by 
the American Arbitration Association. If the dispute has not been resolved 
by mediation within sixty (60) days after delivery of the Dispute Notice, 
then the dispute shall be determined by arbitration in accordance with the 
provisions below.
 
(b)           Any dispute that is not settled by mediation as provided in 
Section 13(a) shall be resolved by arbitration in Orange County, 
California, before a single arbitrator appointed by the American 
Arbitration Association or its successor. The determination of the 
arbitrator shall be final and absolute. The arbitrator shall be governed by 
the duly promulgated rules and regulations of the American Arbitration 
Association or its successor then in effect, and the pertinent provisions 
of the laws of the State of California relating to arbitration. The 
decision of the arbitrator may be entered as a final judgment in any court 
of the State of California or elsewhere. The prevailing party in any such 
arbitration shall also be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys, 
accountants and experts fees and costs of suit in addition to any other 
relief awarded the prevailing party.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
14.           Miscellaneous.
 
(a)           If any provisions contained in this Agreement is for any 
reason held to be totally invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be 
fully severable, and in lieu of such invalid or unenforceable provision 
there will be added automatically as part of this Agreement a provision as 
similar in terms as may be valid and enforceable.
 
(b)           All notices and other communications required or permitted 
hereunder or necessary or convenience in connection herewith shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed to have been given when mailed by registered 
mail or certified mail, return receipt requested or hand delivered, as 
follows (provided that notice of change of address shall be deemed given 
only when received):
 
                If to Employer:                      EMRISE Corporation
                9485 Haven Avenue
                Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730
                Attention: Board of Directors
                 
                If to Executive:                      Carmine T. Oliva
                901 Little River Drive
                P.O. Box 2006
                Elizabeth City, NC 27906
                 
    or to such other names or addresses as Employer or Executive, as the
    case may be, shall designate by notice to the other party hereto in the
    manner specified in this Section 13(b).
     
(c)           This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit 
of Employer, its successors, legal representatives and assigns, and 
Executive, his heirs, executors, administrators, representatives, legatees 
and permitted assigns. Executive agrees that his rights and obligations 
hereunder are personal to him and may not be assigned without the express 
written consent of Employer. If Executive should die while any amounts are 
due to him pursuant to this Agreement, all such amounts shall be paid to 
Executives devisee, legatee or other designee, or if there be no such 
designee, to Executives estate. Employer will require any successor or 
assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or 
otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of 
Employer, by Agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Executive and 
his legal counsel, expressly, absolutely and unconditionally to assume and 
agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent 
that Employer would be required to perform each of them if no such 
succession or assignment had taken place. Any failure of Employer to obtain 
such agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such succession or 
assignment shall be a material breach of this Agreement and shall entitle 
Executive to terminate Executives employment for Good Reason. As used in 
this Agreement, Employer means EMRISE Corporation and any successor or 
assign to its business and/or assets which executes and delivers the 
Agreement provided for in this Section or which otherwise becomes bound by 
all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by operation of law. If at 
any time during the term of this Agreement Executive is employed by any 
company a majority of the voting securities of which is then owned by 
Employer, Employer as used in this Agreement shall in addition include 
that subsidiary company. In that event, Employer agrees
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
that it shall pay or shall cause the subsidiary company to pay any amounts 
owed to Executive pursuant to this Agreement.
 
(d)           This Agreement replaces and merges all previous agreements 
and discussions relating to the same or similar subject matters between 
Executive and Employer with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement 
(other than any option agreement dated prior to the Effective Date between 
Executive and Employer), including without limitation that certain 
Executive Employment dated effective as of January 1, 2006 between Employer 
and Executive. This Agreement may not be modified in any respect by any 
verbal statement, representation or agreement made by any employee, 
officer, or representative of Employer or by any written agreement unless 
signed by an officer of Employer who is expressly authorized by Employer to 
execute that document.
 
(e)           The laws of the State of California will govern the 
interpretation, validity and effect of this Agreement without regard to 
principles of conflicts of law, the place of execution or the place for 
performance thereof.
 
(f)            Executive and Employer shall execute and deliver any and all 
additional instruments and agreements that may be necessary or proper to 
carry out the purposes of this Agreement.
 
(g)           The descriptive headings of the several sections of this 
Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a party 
of this Agreement.
 
(h)           This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, 
all of which shall be considered one and the same Agreement.
 
(i)            Executive acknowledges that Executive has had the 
opportunity to read this Agreement and discuss it with advisors and legal 
counsel, if Executive has so chosen. Executive also acknowledges the 
importance of this Agreement and that Employer is relying on this Agreement 
in entering into an employment relationship with Executive.
 
The undersigned, intending to be legally bound, have executed this 
Agreement effective as of the date first written above.
 
 
EMRISE CORPORATION
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: November 1, 2007
By:
   /s/ Otis W. Baskin
 
 
Otis W. Baskin,
 
 
Chairman of the Compensation Committee
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: November 1, 2007
 
   /s/ Carmine T. Oliva
 
CARMINE T. OLIVA
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
APPENDIX I
 
Additional Definitions
 
For purposes of this Agreement, the following additional capitalized terms 
shall have the respective definitions set forth below:
 
Benefit Plan. The term Benefit Plan means any benefit plan or arrangement 
(including, without limitation, Employers profit sharing or stock option 
or stock incentive plans, if any, and medical, disability and life 
insurance plans) in which Executive is participating (or any other plans 
providing Executive with substantially similar benefits).
 
Change in Control. The term Change in Control means the occurrence of any 
of the following events:
 
    (a)           the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person
    or group (as those terms are defined in Sections 3(a)(9), 13(d), and
    14(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder) of beneficial
    ownership (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
    Act) of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of
    directors (voting securities) of Employer that represent 40% or more
    of the combined voting power of Employers then outstanding voting
    securities or 50% or more of the combined Fair Market Value of
    Employers then outstanding stock, other than:
     
        (i)            an acquisition by a trustee or other fiduciary
        holding securities under any employee benefit plan (or related
        trust) sponsored or maintained by Employer or any person controlled
        by Employer or by any employee benefit plan (or related trust)
        sponsored or maintained by Employer or any person controlled by
        Employer, or
         
        (ii)           an acquisition of voting securities by Employer or a
        corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of
        Employer in substantially the same proportions as their ownership
        of the stock of Employer.
         
    provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, an acquisition
    of Employers securities by Employer that (x) causes Employers voting
    securities beneficially owned by a person or group to represent 40% or
    more of the combined voting power of Employers then outstanding voting
    securities or (y) cause Employers stock beneficially owned by a person
    or group to represent 50% or more of the combined Fair Market Value of
    Employers then outstanding stock shall not be considered an
    acquisition by any person or group for purposes of this subsection (a); 
    provided, however, that if a person or group shall become the
    beneficial owner of 40% or more of the combined voting power of
    Employers then outstanding voting securities or 50% or more of the
    combined Fair Market Value of Employers then outstanding stock by
    reason of share acquisitions by Employer as described above and shall,
    after such share acquisitions by Employer, become the beneficial owner
    of any additional securities of Employer, then such acquisition shall
    constitute a Change in Control;
 
I-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (b)           the date a majority of members of the Board is replaced
    during any 12-month period by directors whose appointment or election
    is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board before the
    date of the appointment or election, but excluding, for this purpose,
    any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a
    result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the
    election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened
    solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a person other
    than the Board;
     
    (c)           the acquisition by any person or group (as those
    terms are defined in Sections 3(a)(9), 13(d), and 14(d) of the Exchange
    Act and the rules thereunder), or combined acquisitions during the
    12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by
    such person or group, of ownership of assets from Employer that have a
    total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40% of the total
    gross fair market value of all of the assets of the corporation
    immediately before such acquisition; and
     
    (d)           stockholder approval of a complete liquidation or
    dissolution of Employer.
     
For purposes of subsection (a) above, the calculation of voting power shall 
be made as if the date of the acquisition were a record date for a vote of 
Employers stockholders, and for purposes of subsection (c) above, the 
calculation of voting power shall be made as if the date of the 
consummation of the transaction were a record date for a vote of Employers 
stockholders.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, there is no Change in Control event when 
there is a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the stockholders of 
the Company immediately after the transfer. A transfer of assets by 
Employer is not treated as a Change in Control if the assets are 
transferred to:
 
        (i)            a stockholder of Employer (immediately before the
        asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the
        stockholders stock;
         
        (ii)           an entity, 50% or more of the total value or voting
        power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by Employer;
         
        (iii)          a person or group that owns, directly or indirectly,
        50% or more of the total value or voting power of all the
        outstanding stock of Employer; or
         
        (iv)          an entity, at least 50% of the total value or voting
        power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a person or
        group described in (iii) above.
         
Due Cause. The term Due Cause means any of the following events:
 
    (a)           any intentional misapplication by Executive of Employers
    funds or other material assets, or any other act of dishonesty
    injurious to Employer committed by Executive; or
     
   (b)           Executives conviction of (i) a felony or (ii) a crime
   involving moral turpitude; or
 
I-2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
   (c)           Executives use or possession of any controlled substance
   or chronic abuse of alcoholic beverages, which use or possession the
   Board reasonably determines renders Executive unfit to serve in his
   capacity as a senior executive of Employer; or
    
   (d)           Executives breach, nonperformance or nonobservance of any
   of the terms of this Agreement, including but not limited to Executives
   failure to adequately perform his duties or comply with the reasonable
   directions of the Board.
    
Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing subsections (c) or (d) to the 
contrary, Employer shall not terminate Executive under subsections (c) or 
(d) unless the Board first provides Executive with a written memorandum 
describing in detail how his performance hereunder is not satisfactory and 
Executive is given a reasonable period of time (not less than thirty (30) 
days) to remedy the unsatisfactory performance related by the Board to 
Executive in that memorandum. A determination of whether Executive has 
satisfactorily remedied the unsatisfactory performance shall be promptly 
made by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Board at the end 
of the period provided to Executive for remedy and their determination 
shall be final.
 
Exchange Act. The term Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended.
 
Fair Market-Value. The term Fair Market Value of a share of Employers 
common stock as of a given date shall be: (a) if the common stock is listed 
or admitted for trading on any United States national securities exchange 
and/or is quoted on a system of automated dissemination of quotations of 
securities prices in common use, the last reported sale price of a share of 
common stock on the principal exchange or system on which shares of common 
stock are trading on such date (or if no sale occurred on such date, then 
on the next preceding date on which a trade occurred); provided, however, 
that if the common stock is not a last sale reported security, then the 
Fair Market Value shall be the average of the closing high bid and low 
asked quotations for a share of common stock on such principal exchange or 
system on such date (or if bid and asked prices were not both reported on 
such date, then on the next preceding date on which bid and asked prices 
were both reported); provided further, that the sale, bid and asked prices 
referred to in this clause (a) shall be as reported in a newspaper of 
general circulation or by such other source as the Board deems reliable; or 
(b) if the common stock is not listed or admitted for trading on such an 
exchange or system on such date, the Fair Market Value of a share of common 
stock as established by the Board acting in good faith, taking into account 
all material information available with respect to the value of a share of 
common stock, including, without limitation, the value of the tangible and 
intangible assets of Employer, the present value of its anticipated future 
cash flows, the market value of the stock or equity interests in other 
entities engaged in substantially the same business, recent arms length 
transactions involving the sale of common stock, and other relevant factors 
such as control premiums or discounts for lack of marketability.
 
Good Reason. The term Good Reason as used in this Agreement shall mean 
any of the following which occur without Executives written consent and 
provided that Executive notifies Employers Board in writing of the event 
or condition constituting Good Reason within thirty (30) days of the 
initial existence of such event or condition, that Executive intends
 
I-3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
to terminate his employment for such Good Reason, specifying the Good 
Reason, and Employer fails to remedy the specified event or condition 
within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice:
 
   (a)           the material diminution in Executives authority, duties,
   or responsibilities; a material diminution in Executives titles or
   offices; any removal of Executive from or any failure to reelect
   Executive to any of his positions as an officer, except in connection
   with the termination of his employment for disability; Retirement;
   Executives death; or by Executive other than for Good Reason;
    
    (b)           a purported reduction by Employer in Executives base
    salary amounting to a material diminution in such salary to an amount
    less than the greater of (i) the base salary as in effect on the date
    hereof or (ii) 10% below the base salary in effect at the time of the
    purported reduction; or
     
    (c)           a failure by Employer to comply with any material
    provision resulting in a material breach by Employer of this Agreement
    which has not been cured within 30 days after notice of noncompliance
    has been given by Executive to Employer, or if the failure is not
    capable of being cured in that time, a cure shall not have been
    diligently initiated by Employer within the 30 day period;
     
provided, however, that any of the foregoing actions shall not be 
considered to be Good Reason if the action is undertaken by Employer as a 
termination for Due Cause.
 
I-4
------------------------------------------------------------------------