 EX-10.5 8 m0839exhibit105.htm AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT
EXECUTION COPY













BMW AUTO LEASING LLC
as Transferor,


and


WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY,
as Owner Trustee



 


AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST
AGREEMENT

Dated as of November 2, 2007


 




------------------------------------------------------------------------

TABLE OF CONTENTS


               Page


ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS


               Section 1.01.
               Capitalized Terms
               1
               Section 1.02.
               Interpretive Provisions.
               6


ARTICLE TWO

ORGANIZATION


               Section 2.01.
               Name and Status
               6
               Section 2.02.
               Office
               6
               Section 2.03.
               Purposes and Powers.
               6
               Section 2.04.
               Appointment of Owner Trustee
               7
               Section 2.05.
               Initial Capital Contribution of Owner Trust Estate
               8
               Section 2.06.
               Declaration of Trust
               8
               Section 2.07.
               Liability of the Transferor.
               8
               Section 2.08.
               Title to Trust Property
               8
               Section 2.09.
               Situs of Issuer
               8
               Section 2.10.
               Representations and Warranties of the Transferor
               9


ARTICLE THREE

TRUST CERTIFICATES AND TRANSFER OF INTERESTS


               Section 3.01.
               Initial Ownership
               10
               Section 3.02.
               The Trust Certificates
               10
               Section 3.03.
               Authentication and Delivery of Trust Certificates
               10
               Section 3.04.
               Registration of Transfer and Exchange.
               11
               Section 3.05.
               Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Trust Certificates
               14
               Section 3.06.
               Persons Deemed Trust Certificateholders
               14
               Section 3.07.
               Access to List of Trust Certificateholders Names and
               Addresses
               14
               Section 3.08.
               Maintenance of Office or Agency
               15
               Section 3.09.
               Appointment of Paying Agent
               15
               Section 3.10.
               Ownership of Trust Certificate
               16
               Section 3.11.
               Trust Certificates held by Issuer, Transferor or their
               Affiliates
               16


ARTICLE FOUR

ACTIONS BY OWNER TRUSTEE


               Section 4.01.
               Prior Notice to Trust Certificateholders with Respect to
               Certain Matters
               16
               Section 4.02.
               Action by Trust Certificateholders with Respect to Certain
               Matters
               17
               Section 4.03.
               Action by Owner Trustee with Respect to Bankruptcy
               17
               Section 4.04.
               Restrictions on Trust Certificateholders Power
               17
               Section 4.05.
               Majority Control
               17


ARTICLE FIVE

APPLICATION OF TRUST FUNDS; CERTAIN DUTIES


               Section 5.01.
               Establishment of Certificate Distribution Account and
               Reserve Fund.
               18
               Section 5.02.
               Application of Trust Funds.
               19
               Section 5.03.
               Method of Payment
               20
               Section 5.04.
               Accounting and Reports.
               20


ARTICLE SIX

AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OWNER TRUSTEE


               Section 6.01.
               General Authority
               21
               Section 6.02.
               General Duties
               21
               Section 6.03.
               Action Upon Instruction.
               21
               Section 6.04.
               No Duties Except as Specified
               23
               Section 6.05.
               No Action Unless Specifically Authorized
               23
               Section 6.06.
               Restrictions
               23


ARTICLE SEVEN

CONCERNING THE OWNER TRUSTEE


               Section 7.01.
               Acceptance of Trusts and Duties
               24
               Section 7.02.
               Doing Business in Other Jurisdictions
               25
               Section 7.03.
               Furnishing of Documents
               25
               Section 7.04.
               Representations and Warranties
               26
               Section 7.05.
               Reliance; Advice of Counsel.
               26
               Section 7.06.
               Not Acting in Individual Capacity
               27
               Section 7.07.
               Owner Trustee Not Liable for Trust Certificates
               27
               Section 7.08.
               Owner Trustee May Own Trust Certificates and Notes
               27


ARTICLE EIGHT

COMPENSATION OF OWNER TRUSTEE


               Section 8.01.
               Owner Trustees Compensation and Indemnification.
               28


ARTICLE NINE

TERMINATION OF TRUST AGREEMENT


               Section 9.01.
               Termination of Trust Agreement.
               28


ARTICLE TEN

SUCCESSOR OWNER TRUSTEES AND ADDITIONAL OWNER TRUSTEES


               Section 10.01.
               Eligibility Requirements for Owner Trustee
               30
               Section 10.02.
               Resignation or Removal of Owner Trustee
               30
               Section 10.03.
               Successor Owner Trustee
               31
               Section 10.04.
               Merger or Consolidation of Owner Trustee
               31
               Section 10.05.
               Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee
               31


ARTICLE ELEVEN

TAX MATTERS


               Section 11.01.
               Tax and Accounting Characterization.
               32
               Section 11.02.
               Signature on Returns; Tax Matters Partner.
               33
               Section 11.03.
               Tax Reporting
               33


ARTICLE TWELVE

MISCELLANEOUS


               Section 12.01.
               Amendments.
               33
               Section 12.02.
               No Legal Title to Owner Trust Estate
               35
               Section 12.03.
               Limitations on Rights of Others
               35
               Section 12.04.
               Notices
               35
               Section 12.05.
               Severability
               36
               Section 12.06.
               Counterparts
               36
               Section 12.07.
               Successors and Assigns
               36
               Section 12.08.
               No Petition
               36
               Section 12.09.
               No Recourse
               36
               Section 12.10.
               Headings
               37
               Section 12.11.
               Governing Law
               37
               Section 12.12.
               Certificates Nonassessable and Fully Paid
               37


ARTICLE THIRTEEN

COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION AB



EXHIBITS


Exhibit A  -  Form of Trust Certificate
A-1
Exhibit B  -  Form of Rule 144A Certificate
B-1
Exhibit C  -  Form of Investment Letter
C-1



------------------------------------------------------------------------

AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT


This Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2007, is 
between BMW Auto Leasing LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as 
transferor (the Transferor), and Wilmington Trust Company, a Delaware 
banking corporation, as trustee (the Owner Trustee).


WHEREAS, the parties hereto entered into that certain initial trust 
agreement dated as of October 15, 2007 (the Initial Trust Agreement) 
pursuant to which the BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1 was created; and


WHEREAS, the parties hereto are entering into this Agreement pursuant to 
which, among other things, the Initial Trust Agreement will be amended and 
restated and Asset Backed Certificates will be issued.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, 
and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of 
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:


ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS


Section 1.01.
Capitalized Terms.  Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise 
defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the SUBI Trust 
Agreement, the Servicing Agreement or the Indenture, as the case may be.  
Whenever used herein, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
words and phrases shall have the following meanings:


Administrator means BMW FS, as Administrator under the Issuer 
Administration Agreement, and its successors in such capacity.


Agreement means this Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, as the same 
may be amended or supplemented from time to time.


Authenticating Agent means any Person authorized by the Owner Trustee to 
act on behalf of the Owner Trustee to authenticate and deliver the Trust 
Certificates.


Basic Servicing Agreement means that certain servicing agreement, dated 
as of August 30, 1995, among BMW Manufacturing L.P. as UTI Beneficiary, the 
Vehicle Trust and BMW FS as servicer.


Benefit Plan means (i) an employee benefit plan, as defined in Section 
3(3) of ERISA, that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a plan described 
in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code, (iii) a governmental plan, as defined in 
Section 3(32) of ERISA, subject to any federal, state or local law which 
is, to a material extent, similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code, (iv) an entity whose underlying assets include 
plan assets by reason of a plans investment in the entity (within the 
meaning of Department of Labor Regulation 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101) or 
(v) a person investing plan assets of any such plan (including, for 
purposes of this clause, any insurance company general account but 
excluding any entity registered under the Investment Company Act).


Certificate Distribution Account means the account established pursuant 
to Section 5.01(a).


Certificate Percentage Interest shall mean with respect to any Trust 
Certificate, the percentage interest of ownership in the Issuer represented 
thereby as set forth on the face thereof.


Certificate Register and Certificate Registrar means the register 
mentioned in and the registrar appointed pursuant to Section 3.04.


Certificate of Trust means the Certificate of Trust filed for the Issuer 
pursuant to Section 3810(a) of the Statutory Trust Statute.


Control Agreement means that certain control agreement, dated as of 
November 2, 2007, among the Transferor, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee 
and Citibank, N.A., as securities intermediary, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time.


Distribution Account means either the Note Distribution Account or the 
Certificate Distribution Account, as the context may require.


Distribution Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 5.02(c).


Expenses means all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, taxes, 
claims, actions and suits, and any and all reasonable costs, expenses and 
disbursements (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) of any kind 
and nature whatsoever.


Final Scheduled Payment Date means, with respect to the Class A-1 Notes, 
November 17, 2008; with respect to the Class A-2A Notes, November 16, 2009; 
with respect to the Class A-2B Notes, November 16, 2009; with respect to 
the Class A-3A Notes, August 15, 2013; and with respect to the Class A-3B 
Notes, August 15, 2013.


Fiscal Year means the taxable year of the Issuer which shall be the 
fiscal year ending December 31st of each year.


Indemnified Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a).


Indenture means that certain indenture, dated as of November 2, 2007, 
between the Issuer and Citbank, N.A., as Indenture Trustee, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time.


Initial Deposit means the Transferors deposit to the Reserve Fund, on or 
before the Closing Date, of $3,424,721.


Initial Note Balance means the initial principal amount of the Notes.


Interest means, as of any date, the ownership interest of a Trust 
Certificateholder (including the Transferor as holder of the Trust 
Certificate) in the Issuer as of such date, including the right of such 
Trust Certificateholder to any and all benefits to which such Trust 
Certificateholder may be entitled as provided in this Agreement, together 
with the obligations of such Trust Certificateholder to comply with all the 
terms and provisions of this Agreement.


Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
amended.


Issuer means the BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1, and its successors.


Issuer Administration Agreement means that certain issuer administration 
agreement, dated as of November 2, 2007, among the Issuer, the Indenture 
Trustee, the Transferor and the Administrator, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time.


Issuer SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement means that certain issuer SUBI 
certificate transfer agreement, dated as of November 2, 2007, between the 
Transferor and the Issuer, as amended or supplemented from time to time.


Note means any of the $235,000,000 Class A-1 Notes, $140,000,000 Class 
A-2A Notes, $274,000,000 Class A-2B Notes, $210,000,000 Class A-3A Notes or 
$391,000,000 Class A-3B Notes.


Noteholder means the registered holder of a Note.


Offered Securities means the Notes.


Opinion of Counsel means one or more written opinions of counsel who may, 
except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, be employees of 
or counsel to the Transferor, the Administrator or any of their respective 
Affiliates, and who shall be satisfactory to the Owner Trustee and which 
opinion or opinions shall be addressed to the Owner Trustee and be in form 
and substance satisfactory to the Owner Trustee.  Opinions of Counsel need 
to address matters of law only, and may be based upon stated assumptions as 
to relevant matters of fact.


Optional Purchase has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19 of the 
Servicing Agreement.


Optional Purchase Price has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19 of the 
Servicing Agreement.


Outstanding Amount has the meaning ascribed to the term in the Indenture.


Owner Corporate Trust Office means the principal office of the Owner 
Trustee at which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall 
be administered, which office at the date of the execution of this 
Agreement is located at Wilmington Trust Company, Rodney Square North, 1100 
North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1600; or at such other 
address as the Owner Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to 
the Trust Certificateholders and the Indenture Trustee, or the principal 
corporate trust office of any successor Owner Trustee (the address of which 
the successor Owner Trustee shall notify the Trust Certificateholders and 
the Indenture Trustee).


Owner Trust Estate means all of the property of the Issuer, including (i) 
the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate (transferred pursuant to the Issuer SUBI 
Certificate Transfer Agreement), evidencing the beneficial interest in the 
2007-1 SUBI Assets, including the right to payments thereunder from certain 
Sales Proceeds on deposit in the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account and 
investment earnings, net of losses and investment expenses, on amounts on 
deposit in the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account, (ii) the rights of the 
Issuer under the Back-Up Security Agreement, (iii) the rights of the Issuer 
to the funds on deposit from time to time in the SUBI Collection Account, 
the Note Distribution Account and any other account or accounts established 
pursuant to the Indenture and all cash, investment property and other 
property from time to time credited thereto and all proceeds thereof, (iv) 
the rights of the Transferor, as transferee under the SUBI Certificate 
Transfer Agreement, (v) the rights of the Issuer, as transferee under the 
Issuer SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement, (vi) the security interest of 
the Issuer in the Reserve Fund (including investment earnings, net of 
losses and investment expenses, on amounts on deposit therein), (vii) the 
rights of the Vehicle Trust under any related Dealer Agreements; and (viii) 
all proceeds of the foregoing.


Paying Agent means any paying agent or co-paying agent appointed pursuant 
to Section 3.09, and shall initially be Citibank, N.A.


Prospectus Supplement means the prospectus supplement, dated October 24, 
2007, to the base prospectus dated October 22, 2007, relating to the 
offering of the Notes.


Qualified Institutional Buyer has the meaning ascribed thereto in Rule 
144A.


Record Date means, with respect to any Payment Date, the close of 
business on the Business Day immediately preceding such Payment Date.


Regulation AB means Subpart 229.1100  Asset Backed Securities 
(Regulation AB), 17 C.F.R. §§229.1100-229.1123, as such may be amended from 
time to time, and subject to such clarification and interpretation as have 
been provided by the Commission in the adopting release (Asset-Backed 
Securities, Securities Act Release No. 33-8518, 70 Fed. Reg. 1,506, 1,531 
(Jan. 7, 2005)) or by the staff of the Commission, or as may be provided by 
the Commission or its staff from time to time.


Reserve Fund means the account established pursuant to Section 5.01(b).


Reserve Fund Property means the Reserve Fund and all cash, investment 
property and other property from time to time deposited or credited to the 
Reserve Fund and all proceeds thereof, including without limitation the 
Initial Deposit.


Reserve Fund Requirement has the meaning set forth in the Indenture.


Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act.


Rule 144A Information means information requested of the Transferor, in 
connection with the proposed transfer of a Trust Certificate, to satisfy 
the requirements of paragraph (d)(4) of Rule 144A.


Secretary of State means the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.


Secured Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 5.02(f).


Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.


Security means either a Note or a Trust Certificate, as the context may 
require.


Securityholder means each registered holder of a Security.


Servicing Agreement means the Basic Servicing Agreement as supplemented 
by that certain supplement, dated as of November 2, 2007, among the parties 
to the Basic Servicing Agreement, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time.


Statutory Trust Statute means Chapter 38 of Title 12 of the Delaware 
Code, 12 Del. C. §3801 et seq., as the same may be amended from time to 
time.


SUBI Trust Agreement means the Vehicle Trust Agreement as supplemented by 
that certain supplement, dated as of November 2, 2007, among the parties to 
the Vehicle Trust Agreement, as amended or supplemented from time to time.


Transferor means initially, BMW Auto Leasing LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company.


Treasury Regulations means regulations, including proposed or temporary 
regulations, promulgated under the Code.  References herein to specific 
provisions of proposed or temporary regulations shall include analogous 
provisions of final Treasury Regulations or other successor Treasury 
Regulations.


Trust Certificateholder means the Person in whose name a Trust 
Certificate is registered on the Certificate Register.


Trust Certificates means the Asset Backed Certificates issued pursuant to 
this Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit A.


Underwriter means J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., as representative for the 
several underwriters pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement.


Underwriting Agreement means that certain underwriting agreement, dated 
October 24, 2007, among the Underwriter, the Transferor and BMW FS.


Vehicle Trust means Financial Services Vehicle Trust, a Delaware 
statutory trust.


Vehicle Trust Agreement means that certain amended and restated trust 
agreement, dated as of September 27, 1996, as further amended as of May 25, 
2000 and December 1, 2006 between BMW Manufacturing L.P., as Grantor and 
UTI Beneficiary, and The Bank of New York (Delaware), as trustee.


Vehicle Trustee means The Bank of New York (Delaware), in its capacity as 
trustee of the Vehicle Trust, or any successor thereto in such capacity.


Section 1.02.
Interpretive Provisions.


      (a)
      For all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly
      provided or unless the context otherwise requires, (i) terms used
      herein include, as appropriate, all genders and the plural as well as
      the singular, (ii) references to words such as herein, hereof and
      the like shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any
      particular part, article or section within this Agreement, (iii)
      references to a section such as Section 1.01 and the like shall
      refer to the applicable section of this Agreement and (iv) the term
      include and all variations thereof shall mean include without
      limitation.


      (b)
      As used in this Agreement and in any certificate or other document
      made or delivered pursuant hereto, accounting terms not defined in
      this Agreement or in any such certificate or other document, and
      accounting terms partly defined in this Agreement or in any such
      certificate or other document to the extent not defined, shall have
      the respective meanings given to them under generally accepted
      accounting principles.  To the extent that the definitions of
      accounting terms in this Agreement or in any such certificate or
      other document are inconsistent with the meanings of such terms under
      generally accepted accounting principles, the definitions contained
      in this Agreement or in any such certificate or other document shall
      control.


ARTICLE TWO

ORGANIZATION


Section 2.01.
Name and Status.  The trust continued hereby shall be known as BMW Vehicle 
Lease Trust 2007-1, in which name the Issuer may engage in activities as 
permitted by the Basic Documents, make and execute contracts and other 
instruments and sue and be sued, to the extent provided herein.  It is the 
intention of the parties hereto that the Issuer shall be a statutory trust 
under the Statutory Trust Statute, and that this Agreement shall constitute 
the governing instrument of that statutory trust.


Section 2.02.
Office.  The chief executive office and principal place of business of the 
Issuer shall be in care of the Owner Trustee, initially at the Owner 
Corporate Trust Office and thereafter at such other address as the Owner 
Trustee may designate by written notice to the Trust Certificateholders and 
the Transferor.


Section 2.03.
Purposes and Powers.


      (a)
      The purposes of the Issuer are:  (i) at the direction of the Trust
      Certificateholders, to take assignments and conveyances of certain
      assets from time to time, to hold such assets in trust and to collect
      and disburse the periodic income therefrom for the benefit of the
      Trust Certificateholders, (ii) to engage in any of the other
      activities described or authorized in this Agreement, any supplement
      or any amendment hereto or thereto and (iii) to engage in any and all
      activities that are necessary or appropriate to accomplish the
      foregoing or that are incidental thereto or connected therewith.  The
      Trust shall not be employed for any purpose except as duly authorized
      in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.


      (b)
      The initial sole purpose of the Issuer is to conserve the Owner Trust
      Estate and collect and disburse the periodic income therefrom for the
      use and benefit of the Trust Certificateholders, and in furtherance
      of such purpose to engage in the following ministerial activities:


            (i)
            to issue the Notes pursuant to the Indenture, the Trust
            Certificates pursuant to this Agreement, and to sell the Notes
            upon the written order of the Transferor;


            (ii)
            to acquire the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate from the Transferor and
            the other property of the Owner Trust Estate, in exchange for
            the Notes and the Trust Certificate;


            (iii)
            to pay interest on and principal of the Notes and distributions
            on the Certificates;


            (iv)
            to assign, grant, transfer, pledge mortgage and convey the
            Owner Trust Estate pursuant to the Indenture to the Indenture
            Trustee as security for the Notes and to hold, manage and
            distribute to the Trust Certificateholders pursuant to the
            terms of this Agreement any portion of the Owner Trust Estate
            released from the Lien of, and remitted to the Issuer pursuant
            to, the Indenture;


            (v)
            to enter into interest rate cap agreements in connection with
            the Notes;


            (vi)
            to enter into and perform its obligations under the Basic
            Documents to which the Issuer is a party;


            (vii)
            to engage in other transactions, including entering into
            agreements, that are necessary, suitable or convenient to
            accomplish the foregoing or that are incidental thereto or
            connected therewith; and


            (viii)
            subject to compliance with the Basic Documents, to engage in
            such other activities as may be required in connection with
            conservation of the Owner Trust Estate and the making of
            distributions to the Trust Certificateholders and the
            Noteholders.


      (c)
      The Issuer shall not engage in any activity other than in connection
      with the foregoing or other than as required or authorized by the
      terms of this Agreement or the other Basic Documents.


Section 2.04.
Appointment of Owner Trustee.  The Transferor hereby appoints the Owner 
Trustee as trustee of the Issuer effective as of the date hereof, to have 
all the rights, powers and duties set forth herein, and the Owner Trustee 
hereby accepts such appointment.  All actions taken by the Owner Trustee 
are solely in its capacity as owner trustee, and not in an individual 
capacity.


Section 2.05.
Initial Capital Contribution of Owner Trust Estate.  The Transferor hereby 
sells, assigns, transfers, conveys and sets over to the Owner Trustee, as 
of the date hereof, the sum of $1.00.  The Owner Trustee hereby 
acknowledges receipt in trust from the Transferor, as of the date hereof, 
of the foregoing contribution, which shall constitute the initial Owner 
Trust Estate and shall be deposited in the Certificate Distribution 
Account.  The Transferor shall pay organizational expenses of the Issuer as 
they may arise or shall, upon the request of the Owner Trustee, promptly 
reimburse the Owner Trustee for any such expenses paid by the Owner 
Trustee.


Section 2.06.
Declaration of Trust.  The Owner Trustee hereby declares that it will hold 
the Owner Trust Estate in trust upon and subject to the conditions set 
forth herein for the sole purpose of conserving the Owner Trust Estate and 
collecting and disbursing the periodic income therefrom for the use and 
benefit of the Trust Certificateholders, who are intended to be beneficial 
owners within the meaning of the Statutory Trust Statute, subject to the 
Lien of the Indenture Trustee and the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Basic Documents.  Effective as of the date hereof, the Owner Trustee shall 
have all rights, powers and duties set forth herein and under Delaware law 
for the sole purpose and to the extent necessary to accomplish the purpose 
of the Issuer as set forth in Section 2.03(a) and 2.03(b).


Section 2.07.
Liability of the Transferor.


The Transferor or any subsequent transferee, as holder of the Trust 
Certificate, shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer, the 
Owner Trustee and each Paying Agent from and against any and all taxes that 
may at any time be asserted against the Issuer or the Owner Trustee with 
respect to the transactions contemplated herein, including any sales, use, 
gross receipts, general corporation, tangible personal property, privilege, 
license or income taxes, taxes on or measured by income or any state or 
local taxes assessed on the Issuer, the Owner Trustee or any Paying Agent 
resulting from the location of assets of the Issuer or the presence of the 
Owner Trustee or any Paying Agent and costs and Expenses in defending 
against the same; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity shall not 
include income taxes on any fees payable to, or Expenses reimbursed to, the 
Owner Trustee or any Paying Agent.


Section 2.08.
Title to Trust Property.  Legal title to the Owner Trust Estate shall be 
vested at all times in the Issuer as a separate legal entity, except where 
applicable law in any jurisdiction requires title to any part of the Owner 
Trust Estate to be vested in a trustee, in which case title shall be deemed 
to be vested in the Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Issuer, a co-trustee or 
a separate trustee, as the case may be.


Section 2.09.
Situs of Issuer.  The Issuer shall be located and administered in the State 
of Delaware.  All bank accounts maintained by the Owner Trustee on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be located in Delaware or New York.  The Issuer shall 
not have any employees in any state other than Delaware; provided, however, 
that nothing herein shall restrict or prohibit the Owner Trustee from 
having employees within or without the State of Delaware.  Payments shall 
be received by the Issuer only in Delaware or New York and payments shall 
be made by the Issuer only from Delaware or New York.  The only office of 
the Issuer shall be at the Owner Corporate Trust Office.


Section 2.10.
Representations and Warranties of the Transferor.  The Transferor hereby 
represents and warrants to the Owner Trustee that:


      (a)
      Organization and Good Standing.  The Transferor has been duly
      organized and validly existing as a limited liability company in good
      standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with the power and
      authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as such
      properties are currently owned and such business is presently
      conducted.


      (b)
      Due Qualification.  The Transferor has been duly qualified to do
      business as a limited liability company in good standing, and has
      obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in
      which the conduct of its business requires such qualifications except
      when the failure to have any such license, approval or qualification
      would not have a material adverse effect on the condition, financial
      or otherwise, of the Transferor or would not have a material adverse
      effect on the ability of the Transferor to perform its obligations
      under this Agreement.


      (c)
      Power and Authority.  The Transferor has (i) the power and authority
      to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out its terms;
      (ii) good title to and is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the
      SUBI Certificate, free and clear of Liens and claims; (iii) full
      power and authority to transfer the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate to and
      deposit the same with the Issuer; (iv) duly authorized such transfer
      and deposit to the Issuer by all necessary action; and (v) duly
      authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
      by all necessary action.


      (d)
      Binding Obligation.  This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and
      binding obligation of the Transferor, enforceable in accordance with
      its terms, except as such enforceability may be subject to or limited
      by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation,
      fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws affecting the enforcement
      of creditors rights in general and by general principles of equity,
      regardless of whether such enforceability shall be considered in a
      proceeding in equity or in law.


      (e)
      No Violation.  The consummation of the transactions contemplated by
      this Agreement and the fulfillment of the terms of this Agreement do
      not conflict with or breach any of the terms or provisions of, or
      constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under,
      any material indenture, agreement or other instrument to which the
      Transferor is a party or by which it shall be bound; nor result in
      the creation or imposition of any material Lien upon any of its
      properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement or
      other instrument (other than this Agreement); nor violate any law or,
      to the best of the Transferors knowledge, any order, rule or
      regulation applicable to the Transferor of any court or of any
      federal or State regulatory body, administrative agency or other
      governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Transferor
      or its properties.


      (f)
      No Proceedings.  There are no proceedings or investigations pending,
      or to the Transferors knowledge, threatened, before any court,
      regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental
      instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Transferor or its
      properties:  (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any of
      the other Basic Documents; (ii) seeking to prevent the issuance of
      the Notes or the Trust Certificates or the consummation of any of the
      transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any of the other Basic
      Documents; (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that might
      materially and adversely affect the performance by the Transferor of
      its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this
      Agreement or any of the other Basic Documents; or (iv) relating to
      the Transferor and that might adversely affect the federal income tax
      or state income or franchise tax attributes of the Notes or the Trust
      Certificates.


ARTICLE THREE

TRUST CERTIFICATES
AND TRANSFER OF INTERESTS


Section 3.01.
Initial Ownership.  Upon the formation of the Issuer by the contribution by 
the Transferor pursuant to Section 2.05 and until the issuance of the Trust 
Certificates, the Transferor shall be the sole beneficiary of the Issuer.


Section 3.02.
The Trust Certificates.  The Trust Certificates shall be substantially in 
the form set forth in Exhibit A.  Except for the issuance of the Trust 
Certificate to the Transferor, no Trust Certificate may be sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred to any Person except in accordance with Section 3.04 
and Section 3.10, as applicable, and any attempted sale, pledge or transfer 
in violation of Section 3.04 or Section 3.10, as applicable shall be null 
and void.  


The Trust Certificates may be in printed or in typewritten form, and may be 
executed on behalf of the Issuer by manual or facsimile signature of an 
Authenticating Agent.  Trust Certificates bearing the manual or facsimile 
signatures of individuals who were, at the time when such signatures shall 
have been affixed, authorized to sign on behalf of the Issuer, shall be 
validly issued and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement, 
notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them shall have ceased to 
be so authorized prior to the authentication and delivery of such Trust 
Certificates or did not hold such offices at the date of authentication and 
delivery of such Trust Certificates.  If registration of a transfer of a 
Trust Certificate is permitted pursuant to Section 3.04, the transferee of 
such Trust Certificate shall become a Trust Certificateholder, and shall be 
entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations of a Trust 
Certificateholder hereunder, upon due registration of such Trust 
Certificate in such transferees name pursuant to Section 3.04.


Section 3.03.
Authentication and Delivery of Trust Certificates.  Concurrently with the 
transfer of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee 
shall cause to be executed, on behalf of the Issuer, Trust Certificates 
representing 100% of the Certificate Percentage Interest, authenticated and 
delivered to or upon the written order of the Transferor, in authorized 
denominations.  No Trust Certificate shall entitle its holder to any 
benefit under this Agreement, or shall be valid for any purpose, unless 
there shall appear on such Security a certificate of authentication, 
substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A, executed by the Owner 
Trustee or its Authenticating Agent, by manual signature; such 
authentication shall constitute conclusive evidence that such Trust 
Certificate shall have been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder.  
All Trust Certificates shall be dated the date of their authentication.  
Upon issuance, execution and delivery pursuant to the terms hereof, the 
Trust Certificates shall be entitled to the benefits of this Agreement.


Section 3.04.
Registration of Transfer and Exchange.


      (a)
      The Certificate Registrar shall cause to be kept a register (the
      Certificate Register) in which, subject to such reasonable
      regulations as it may prescribe, the Certificate Registrar shall
      provide for the registration of Trust Certificates and, if and to the
      extent transfers and exchanges are permitted pursuant to Section
      3.04(b), the registration of transfers of Trust Certificates.  No
      transfer of a Trust Certificate shall be recognized except upon
      registration of such transfer.  Citibank, N.A. is hereby appointed as
      the initial Certificate Registrar.  Upon any resignation of the
      Certificate Registrar, the Owner Trustee shall promptly appoint a
      successor.  


      (b)
      Each Trust Certificate shall bear a legend regarding reoffers,
      resales, pledges and transfers to the effect of the legend on the
      form of Trust Certificate attached as Exhibit A hereto, unless
      determined otherwise by the Servicer (as certified to the Certificate
      Registrar in an Officers Certificate) consistent with applicable
      law.


As a condition to the registration of any transfer of a Trust Certificate, 
the prospective transferee shall be required to represent in writing to the 
Owner Trustee, the Transferor and the Certificate Registrar the following:


            (i)
            It has neither acquired nor will it transfer any Trust
            Certificate it purchases (or any interest therein) or cause any
            such Trust Certificates (or any interest therein) to be
            marketed on or through an established securities market
            within the meaning of Section 7704(b)(1) of the Code,
            including, without limitation, an over-the-counter-market or an
            interdealer quotation system that regularly disseminates firm
            buy or sell quotations.


            (ii)
            It will be the beneficial owner of the Trust Certificate and it
            either (A) is not, and will not become, a partnership,
            Subchapter S corporation or grantor trust for U.S. federal
            income tax purposes or (B) is such an entity, but none of the
            direct or indirect beneficial owners of any of the interests in
            such transferee have allowed or caused, or will allow or cause,
            50% or more (or such other percentage as the Transferor may
            establish prior to the time of such proposed transfer) of the
            value of such interests to be attributable to such transferees
            ownership of Trust Certificates.


            (iii)
            It understands that no subsequent transfer of the Trust
            Certificates is permitted unless (A) such transfer is of a
            Trust Certificate with a denomination of at least $500,000, (B)
            it causes its proposed transferee to provide to the Issuer, the
            Certificate Registrar and the Underwriter a letter
            substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, or such other
            written statement as the Transferor shall prescribe and (C) the
            Transferor consents in writing to the proposed transfer, which
            consent shall be granted unless the Transferor determines that
            such transfer would create a risk that the Issuer or the
            Vehicle Trust would be classified for federal or any applicable
            state tax purposes as an association (or a publicly traded
            partnership) taxable as a corporation; provided, however, that
            any attempted transfer that would either cause (1) the number
            of registered holders of Trust Certificates in the aggregate to
            exceed 100 or (2) the number of holders of direct or indirect
            interests in the Vehicle Trust to exceed 50, shall be a void
            transfer.


            (iv)
            It understands that the Opinion of Counsel to the Issuer that
            the Issuer is not a publicly traded partnership taxable as a
            corporation is dependent in part on the accuracy of the
            representations in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above.


            (v)
            It is not a Benefit Plan nor will it hold the Trust
            Certificates being transferred for the account of a Benefit
            Plan.


            (vi)
            It is a Person who is either (A)(1) a citizen or resident of
            the United States, (2) a corporation, partnership or other
            entity organized in or under the laws of the United States, any
            state or the District of Columbia or (3) a Person not described
            in (A)(1) or (2) whose ownership of the Trust Certificates is
            effectively connected with such Persons conduct of a trade or
            business within the United States (within the meaning of the
            Code) and its ownership of any interest in a Trust Certificate
            will not result in any withholding obligation with respect to
            any payments with respect to the Trust Certificates by any
            Person (other than withholding, if any, under Section 1446 of
            the Code) or (B) an estate the income of which is includible in
            gross income for federal income tax purposes, regardless of
            source or a trust if a court within the United States is able
            to exercise primary supervision of the administration of the
            trust and one or more U.S. Persons (as such term is defined in
            the Code) have the authority to control all substantial
            decisions of the trust.  It agrees that it will provide a
            certification of non-foreign status signed under penalty of
            perjury and, alternatively, that if it is a Person described in
            clause (A)(3) above, it will furnish to the Transferor and the
            Owner Trustee a properly executed IRS Form W-8ECI (or successor
            form) and a new IRS Form W-8ECI (or successor form) upon the
            expiration or obsolescence of any previously delivered form
            (and such other certifications, representations or Opinions of
            Counsel as may be requested by the Transferor and the Owner
            Trustee).


            (vii)
            It understands that any purported transfer of any Trust
            Certificate (or any interest therein) in contravention of any
            of the restrictions and conditions in this Section shall be
            void, and the purported transferee in such transfer shall not
            be recognized by the Issuer or any other Person as a Trust
            Certificateholder for any purpose.


      (c)
      By acceptance of any Trust Certificate, the related Trust
      Certificateholder specifically agrees with and represents to the
      Transferor, the Issuer and Certificate Registrar that no transfer of
      such Trust Certificate shall be made unless the registration
      requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state
      securities laws are complied with, or such transfer is exempt from
      the registration requirements under the Securities Act because the
      transfer satisfies one of the following:


            (i)
            Such transfer is in compliance with Rule 144A, to a transferee
            who the transferor reasonably believes is a Qualified
            Institutional Buyer that is purchasing for its own account or
            for the account of a Qualified Institutional Buyer and to whom
            notice is given that such transfer is being made in reliance
            upon Rule 144A and (A) the transferor thereof executes and
            delivers to the Transferor and the Certificate Registrar, a
            Rule 144A certificate substantially in the form attached as
            Exhibit B and (B) the transferee executes and delivers to the
            Transferor and the Certificate Registrar an investment letter
            substantially in the form attached as Exhibit C.


            (ii)
            After the appropriate holding period, such transfer is pursuant
            to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act
            provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act and the
            transferee, if requested by the Transferor, the Certificate
            Registrar or the Underwriter, delivers an Opinion of Counsel in
            form and substance satisfactory to the Transferor and the
            Underwriter.


            (iii)
            Such transfer is to an institutional accredited investor as
            defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D
            promulgated under the Securities Act in a transaction exempt
            from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, such
            transfer is in accordance with any applicable securities laws
            of any State or any other jurisdiction, and such investor
            executes and delivers to the Issuer and the Certificate
            Registrar an investment letter substantially in the form
            attached as Exhibit C.


      (d)
      Upon surrender for registration of transfer or exchange of any Trust
      Certificate at the office of the Certificate Registrar and upon
      compliance with the provisions of this Agreement relating to such
      transfer or exchange, the Owner Trustee shall execute and shall, or
      shall cause the Authenticating Agent to, authenticate and deliver, in
      the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new
      Trust Certificates in authorized denominations of a like aggregate
      face amount dated the date of such authentication or the Trust
      Certificates that the Trust Certificateholder making the exchange is
      entitled to receive, as the case may be.


The Certificate Registrar shall require that every Trust Certificate 
presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange shall be 
accompanied by a written instrument of transfer and accompanied by IRS Form 
W-8ECI (or successor form) or W-9 or such other form as may be reasonably 
required in form satisfactory to the Certificate Registrar duly executed by 
the Trust Certificateholder or such Persons attorney duly authorized in 
writing.


No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or 
exchange of Trust Certificates, but the Owner Trustee or the Certificate 
Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or 
governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration 
of transfer or exchange of Trust Certificates.


The Certificate Registrar shall cancel and retain or destroy, in accordance 
with the Certificate Registrars retention policy then in effect, all Trust 
Certificates surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and shall 
upon written request certify to the Transferor as to such retention or 
destruction.


      (e)
      The provisions of this Section generally are intended, among other
      things, to prevent the Issuer from being characterized as a publicly
      traded partnership within the meaning of Section 7704 of the Code,
      in reliance on Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(e) and (h), and
      the Transferor shall take such intent into account in determining
      whether or not to consent to any proposed transfer of any Trust
      Certificate.


The preceding provisions of this Section notwithstanding, the Owner Trustee 
shall not make and the Certificate Registrar shall not register any 
transfer or exchange of Trust Certificates for a period of 15 days 
preceding the due date for any payment with respect to the Trust 
Certificates.


Section 3.05.
Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Trust Certificates.  If any mutilated 
Trust Certificate is surrendered to the Certificate Registrar, or if the 
Certificate Registrar receives evidence to its satisfaction of the 
destruction, loss or theft of any Trust Certificate and there is delivered 
to the Certificate Registrar and the Owner Trustee such security or 
indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless, then 
(and in the absence of notice that such Trust Certificate has been 
transferred to or is in the possession of a third party purchaser), 
provided that the requirements of Section 8-405 of the UCC are met, the 
Owner Trustee on behalf of the Issuer shall execute and the Authenticating 
Agent shall authenticate and deliver, in exchange for or in lieu of any 
such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Trust Certificate, a new Trust 
Certificate of like tenor and denomination.  In connection with the 
issuance of any new Trust Certificate this Section, the Owner Trustee or 
the Certificate Registrar may require the payment of a sum sufficient to 
cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in 
connection therewith.  Any duplicate Trust Certificate issued pursuant to 
this Section shall constitute conclusive evidence of an ownership interest 
in the Issuer as if originally issued, whether or not the lost, stolen or 
destroyed Trust Certificate shall be found at any time.


Section 3.06.
Persons Deemed Trust Certificateholders.  Prior to due presentation of a 
Trust Certificate for registration of transfer, the Owner Trustee, the 
Certificate Registrar, any Paying Agent and any of their respective agents 
may treat the Person in whose name any Trust Certificate is registered in 
the Certificate Register as the owner of such Trust Certificate for the 
purpose of receiving distributions pursuant to Section 5.02 and for all 
other purposes whatsoever, and none of the Owner Trustee, the Certificate 
Registrar, any Paying Agent or any of their respective agents shall be 
affected by any notice to the contrary.


Section 3.07.
Access to List of Trust Certificateholders Names and Addresses.  The Owner 
Trustee shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the Servicer and the 
Transferor, or to the Indenture Trustee, as the case may be, within 15 days 
after receipt by the Owner Trustee of a request therefor from the Servicer, 
the Transferor or the Indenture Trustee in writing, a list, in such form as 
the requesting party may reasonably request, of the names and addresses of 
the Trust Certificateholders as of the most recent Record Date.  If (i) two 
or more Trust Certificateholders or (ii) one or more Trust 
Certificateholders evidencing not less than 25% of the aggregate 
Certificate Percentage Interest apply in writing to the Owner Trustee, and 
such application states that the applicants desire to communicate with 
other Trust Certificateholders with respect to their rights under this 
Agreement or under the Trust Certificates and such application is 
accompanied by a copy of the communication that such applicants propose to 
transmit, then the Owner Trustee shall, within five Business Days after the 
receipt of such application, afford such applicants access during normal 
business hours to the current list of Trust Certificateholders.  Each Trust 
Certificateholder, by receiving and holding a Trust Certificate, shall be 
deemed to have agreed not to hold either the Transferor, the Owner Trustee 
or the Indenture Trustee, as the case may be, accountable by reason of the 
disclosure of its name and address, regardless of the source from which 
such information was derived.


Section 3.08.
Maintenance of Office or Agency.  The Owner Trustee shall designate in the 
Borough of Manhattan, the City of New York, an office or offices or agency 
or agencies where Trust Certificates may be surrendered for registration of 
transfer or exchange and where notices and demands to or upon the Owner 
Trustee in respect of the Trust Certificates and the Basic Documents may be 
served. The Owner Trustee initially designates Citibank, N.A., 111 Wall 
Street, 15th Floor Window, New York, NY 10005, Attn: Corporate Trust 
Services  BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1, solely for the purposes of the 
transfer, surrender or exchange of the Trust Certificates, as its office 
for such purposes.  The Owner Trustee shall give prompt written notice to 
the Transferor and the other Trust Certificateholders of any change in the 
location of the Certificate Register or any such office or agency.


Section 3.09.
Appointment of Paying Agent.  The Paying Agent shall make distributions to 
Trust Certificateholders pursuant to Section 5.02, and shall report the 
amounts of such distributions to the Owner Trustee.  Any Paying Agent shall 
have the revocable power to withdraw funds from the Certificate 
Distribution Account for the purpose of making the distributions referred 
to above.  The Paying Agent initially shall be Citibank, N.A.  The Owner 
Trustee may revoke such power and remove the Paying Agent if the Owner 
Trustee determines in its sole discretion that the Paying Agent has failed 
to perform its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect.  
Any co-paying agent chosen by the Transferor and acceptable to the Owner 
Trustee shall also be a Paying Agent.  Each Paying Agent may resign upon 30 
days written notice to the Owner Trustee.  In the event that a Paying 
Agent may no longer act as Paying Agent, the Depositor, with the consent of 
the Owner Trustee, shall appoint a successor to act as Paying Agent (which 
shall be a bank or trust company).  The Owner Trustee shall cause such 
successor Paying Agent or any additional Paying Agent appointed by the 
Owner Trustee to execute and deliver to the Owner Trustee an instrument in 
which such successor Paying Agent or additional Paying Agent shall agree 
with the Owner Trustee that as Paying Agent, such successor Paying Agent or 
additional Paying Agent shall hold all sums, if any, held by it for payment 
to the Trust Certificateholders in trust for the benefit of the Trust 
Certificateholders entitled thereto until such sums are paid to the 
Transferor or such Trust Certificateholders.  The Paying Agent shall return 
all unclaimed funds to the Owner Trustee and upon removal of a Paying Agent 
such Paying Agent shall also return all funds in its possession to the 
Owner Trustee.  The provisions of Sections 7.01, 7.03, 7.04 and 8.01 shall 
apply to the Owner Trustee also in its role as Paying Agent, for so long as 
the Owner Trustee shall act as Paying Agent and, to the extent applicable, 
to any other paying agent appointed hereunder.


Section 3.10.
Ownership of Trust Certificate.  On the Closing Date, the Transferor shall 
acquire beneficial and record ownership of the Trust Certificate.  Upon a 
dissolution or termination of the Transferor, the Trust Certificates held 
by it shall be distributed to BMW FS without regard to the provisions of 
Section 3.02.  The Owner Trustee shall cause the Trust Certificate to bear 
a legend stating to the extent permitted by applicable law: THIS TRUST 
CERTIFICATE IS NOT TRANSFERABLE EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF THE DISSOLUTION, 
TERMINATION OR BANKRUPTCY OF THE HOLDER HEREOF, AND ANY TRANSFER IN 
VIOLATION OF THIS PROVISION SHALL BE NULL AND VOID.


Section 3.11.
Trust Certificates held by Issuer, Transferor or their Affiliates.  Any 
Trust Certificates owned by the Issuer, the Transferor or any of their 
respective Affiliates shall be entitled to the benefits under this 
Agreement equally and proportionately to the benefits afforded other owners 
of the Trust Certificates, except that such Trust Certificates shall be 
deemed not to be outstanding for the purpose of determining whether the 
requisite percentage of Securityholders have given any request, demand, 
authorization, direction, notice, consent or other action under the Basic 
Documents (other than the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary 
proceeding in bankruptcy).


ARTICLE FOUR

ACTIONS BY OWNER TRUSTEE


Section 4.01.
Prior Notice to Trust Certificateholders with Respect to Certain Matters.  
Subject to the provisions and limitations of Section 4.04, with respect to 
the following matters, the Owner Trustee shall not take action unless the 
Owner Trustee has notified the Trust Certificateholders and the Rating 
Agencies in writing of the proposed action at least 30 days before the 
taking of such action and Trust Certificateholders representing at least 
50% of the aggregate Certificate Percentage Interest have not notified the 
Owner Trustee in writing prior to the 30th day after such notice is given 
that such Trust Certificateholders have withheld consent or provided 
alternative direction:


      (a)
      the initiation of any claim or lawsuit by the Issuer and the
      compromise of any action, claim or lawsuit brought by or against the
      Issuer (other than an action brought by the Servicer on behalf of the
      Vehicle Trust and Persons having interests in the 2007-1 SUBI
      Certificate to collect amounts owed under a 2007-1 Lease or in
      respect of a 2007-1 Vehicle);


      (b)
      the election by the Issuer to file an amendment to the Certificate of
      Trust (unless such amendment is required to be filed under the
      Statutory Trust Statute);


      (c)
      the amendment of the Indenture in circumstances where the consent of
      any Noteholder is required;


      (d)
      the amendment of the Indenture in circumstances where the consent of
      any Noteholder is not required and such amendment materially and
      adversely affects the interests of the Trust Certificateholders;


      (e)
      the amendment of any other Basic Document unless such amendment does
      not materially and adversely affect the interests of the Trust
      Certificateholders;


      (f)
      the amendment, change or modification of the Issuer Administration
      Agreement, except to cure any ambiguity or to amend or supplement any
      provision in a manner or add any provision that would not materially
      adversely affect the interests of the Trust Certificateholders; or


      (g)
      the appointment of a successor Owner Trustee or Indenture Trustee.


Section 4.02.
Action by Trust Certificateholders with Respect to Certain Matters.  
Subject to the provisions and limitations of Section 4.04, to the extent 
the Owner Trustee or the Issuer is deemed to be the Holder of the 2007-1 
SUBI Certificate pursuant to the SUBI Supplement, the Owner Trustee or 
Issuer, as the case may be, shall take such actions as directed in writing 
by Trust Certificateholders holding Trust Certificates evidencing an 
interest of at least 662/3% of the aggregate Certificate Percentage 
Interest; provided, however, that so long as the Lien of the Indenture is 
outstanding, such direction shall be subject to the consent of the 
Indenture Trustee.  The Owner Trustee may not, except upon the occurrence 
of a Servicer Default subsequent to the payment in full of the Notes and in 
accordance with the written directions of Trust Certificateholders 
evidencing 662/3% of the aggregate Certificate Percentage Interest, remove 
the Servicer, with respect to the 2007-1 SUBI Assets or appoint a successor 
Servicer, with respect thereto.


Section 4.03.
Action by Owner Trustee with Respect to Bankruptcy.  The Owner Trustee 
shall not have the power to commence a voluntary proceeding in bankruptcy 
with respect to the Issuer except in accordance with Section 12.08.


Section 4.04.
Restrictions on Trust Certificateholders Power.  The Trust 
Certificateholders shall not direct the Owner Trustee to take or refrain 
from taking any action if such action or inaction would be contrary to any 
obligation of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee under this Agreement or any 
of the other Basic Documents or would be contrary to the purpose of the 
Issuer as set forth in Section 2.03 or which could result in the trust 
being treated as an entity separate from the Transferor, association or 
publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, nor shall the Owner Trustee be obligated to follow any 
such direction, if given.


Section 4.05.
Majority Control.  Except as expressly provided herein, any action that may 
be taken by the Trust Certificateholders under this Agreement may be taken 
by the Trust Certificateholders holding not less than a majority of the 
aggregate Certificate Percentage Interest.  Except as expressly provided 
herein, any written notice of the Trust Certificateholders delivered 
pursuant to this Agreement shall be effective if signed by Trust 
Certificateholders holding not less than a majority of the aggregate 
Certificate Percentage Interest at the time of delivery of such notice.


ARTICLE FIVE

APPLICATION OF TRUST FUNDS; CERTAIN DUTIES


Section 5.01.
Establishment of Certificate Distribution Account and Reserve Fund.


      (a)
      The Trust, for the benefit of the Trust Certificateholders, shall
      establish and maintain an Eligible Account with and in the name of
      the Trust which shall be designated the Certificate Distribution
      Account.  The Certificate Distribution Account shall be held in
      trust for the benefit of the Trust Certificateholders, and shall bear
      a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are
      held for the benefit of the Trust Certificateholders.


The Trust shall possess all right, title and interest in all funds on 
deposit from time to time in the Certificate Distribution Account and in 
all proceeds thereof.  Except as otherwise provided herein, the Certificate 
Distribution Account shall be under the sole dominion and control of 
Wilmington Trust Company for the benefit of the Trust Certificateholders.  
If at any time the Certificate Distribution Account ceases to be an 
Eligible Account, the Owner Trustee (or the Transferor on behalf of the 
Owner Trustee, if the Certificate Distribution Account is not then held by 
the Owner Trustee or an Affiliate thereof) shall, within ten Business Days 
following notification of such occurrence, establish a new Certificate 
Distribution Account as an Eligible Account and shall transfer any cash or 
investments to such new Certificate Distribution Account.


      (b)
      The Transferor shall establish and maintain an Eligible Account
      (initially at Citibank, N.A.) in the name of the Indenture Trustee
      until the Outstanding Amount is reduced to zero, and thereafter, in
      the name of the Paying Agent on behalf of the Owner Trustee, which is
      designated as the Reserve Fund.  The Reserve Fund shall be held for
      the benefit of the Securityholders, and shall bear a designation
      clearly indicating that the funds on deposit therein are held for the
      benefit of the Securityholders.


The Reserve Fund shall be under the sole dominion and control of the 
Indenture Trustee until the Outstanding Amount has been reduced to zero, 
and thereafter under the sole dominion and control of the Owner Trustee.  
On the Closing Date, the Transferor shall cause the Initial Deposit to be 
deposited into the Reserve Fund from the net proceeds of the sale of the 
Notes and the Trust Certificates.  The Transferor hereby acknowledges that 
the Initial Deposit and all other Reserve Fund Property, including 
investment earnings thereon, are owned directly by it in its capacity as 
Trust Certificateholder pending application thereof to the Secured 
Obligations or release to the Transferor or its designee pursuant to 
Section 8.04(c) of the Indenture or Section 5.02 hereof, as applicable.  
The Transferor in its capacity as Trust Certificateholder hereby agrees to 
treat the same as its assets (and earnings) for federal income tax and 
other purposes.  All deposits to and withdrawals from the Reserve Fund 
shall be made only upon the terms and conditions of the Basic Documents.


      (c)
      Each of the Transferor and the Issuer shall take or cause to be taken
      such further actions, to execute, deliver and file or cause to be
      executed, delivered and filed such further documents and instruments
      (including, without limitation, the Control Agreement or any UCC
      financing statements) as may be determined to be reasonably necessary
      by the Transferor, in order to perfect the interests created by
      Section 5.01 (b) hereof and otherwise fully to effectuate the
      purposes, terms and conditions of this Section.  The Transferor (or
      the Administrator on behalf of the Transferor) shall:


            (i)
            promptly execute, deliver and file any financing statements,
            amendments, continuation statements, assignments, certificates
            and other documents with respect to such interests and perform
            all such other acts as may be necessary in order to perfect or
            to maintain the perfection of the Issuers security interest in
            the Reserve Fund Property; and


            (ii)
            make the necessary filings of financing statements or
            amendments thereto within five days after the occurrence of any
            of the following (and promptly notify the Issuer and the Owner
            Trustee of each such filing):  (A) any change in the
            Transferors corporate name or any trade name, (B) any change
            in the location of its chief executive office or principal
            place of business or (C) any merger or consolidation or other
            change in its identity or corporate structure.


Section 5.02.
Application of Trust Funds.


      (a)
      On each Payment Date, the Owner Trustee shall cause the Paying Agent
      to distribute to Trust Certificateholders all amounts deposited in
      the Certificate Distribution Account pursuant to Section 8.04 of the
      Indenture with respect to such Payment Date, pro rata to the Trust
      Certificateholders of record at the close of business on the Record
      Date with respect to such Payment Date.  


      (b)
      On and after the date on which the Outstanding Amount has been
      reduced to zero, pursuant to the Indenture and the Control Agreement,
      dominion and control over the Reserve Fund shall be transferred to
      the Paying Agent on behalf of the Owner Trustee.  On each Payment
      Date thereafter, all amounts distributable to the Trust
      Certificateholders from the Reserve Fund shall be distributed by the
      Paying Agent on behalf of the Owner Trustee in the order and priority
      set forth in Section 8.04(b) of the Indenture.


      (c)
      On each Payment Date, the Paying Agent on behalf of the Owner Trustee
      shall send to each Trust Certificateholder a report (the
      Distribution Statement) provided by the Servicer, based on
      information in the Payment Date Certificate delivered pursuant to
      Section 8.03 of the Indenture, that shall include the information
      provided in such Payment Date Certificate.


The information required to be delivered by such Distribution Statement may 
be included with other information or reports furnished by the Servicer to 
the Owner Trustee in connection with the making of payments pursuant to the 
other Basic Documents.


      (d)
      In the event that any withholding tax is imposed on the Issuers
      payment (or, if the Issuer is treated as a partnership for federal
      income tax purposes, allocations of income) to a Trust
      Certificateholder, such tax shall reduce the amount otherwise
      distributable to such Trust Certificateholder in accordance with this
      Section.  The Owner Trustee shall authorize and direct Paying Agent
      to retain from amounts otherwise distributable to such Trust
      Certificateholders, sufficient funds for the payment of any
      withholding tax that is legally owed by the Issuer (but such
      authorization shall not prevent the Owner Trustee from contesting any
      such tax in appropriate proceedings, and withholding payment of such
      tax, if permitted by law, pending the outcome of such proceedings). 
      The amount of any withholding tax imposed with respect to a Trust
      Certificateholder shall be treated as cash distributed to such Trust
      Certificateholders, at the time it is withheld by the Issuer for
      remittance to the appropriate taxing authority.  If the Owner Trustee
      determines that there is a possibility that withholding tax is
      payable with respect to a distribution, the Owner Trustee may, in its
      sole discretion, direct the Paying Agent to withhold such amounts in
      accordance with this Section.  In the event that a Trust
      Certificateholder wishes to apply for a refund of any such
      withholding tax, the Owner Trustee shall reasonably cooperate with
      such Trust Certificateholder in making such claim so long as such
      Trust Certificateholder agrees to reimburse the Owner Trustee for any
      out-of-pocket expenses incurred.


      (e)
      Subject to Section 6.07 of the Indenture and 6.01 hereof, as the case
      may be, neither the Indenture Trustee nor the Owner Trustee, as the
      case may be, shall in any way be held liable by reason of any
      insufficiency in the Reserve Fund resulting from any loss on any
      Permitted Investment included therein, except for losses attributable
      to the Indenture Trustees or Owner Trustees, as the case may be,
      failure to make payments on any such Permitted Investments issued by
      the Indenture Trustee or Owner Trustee, as the case may be, in its
      commercial capacity as principal obligor and not as trustee, in
      accordance with their terms.


      (f)
      In order to assure that sufficient amounts are available to make the
      payments to Securityholders pursuant to Section 8.04 of the Indenture
      and this Section (collectively, the Secured Obligations) the
      Transferor hereby pledges and assigns and grants a security interest
      in all of its right, title and interest in the Reserve Fund Property
      to the Issuer, to secure the Secured Obligations.


Section 5.03.
Method of Payment.  Subject to Section 9.01(c) respecting the final payment 
upon retirement of the Trust Certificates, distributions required to be 
made to Trust Certificateholders on any Payment Date shall be made to each 
Trust Certificateholder of record on the related Record Date by wire 
transfer or by check mailed to the addresses of such Securityholders as 
they appear on the Certificate Register.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the final payment on the Trust Certificates shall be made only upon 
presentation and surrender of such Trust Certificates at the office or 
agency specified in the notice of final payment to the Trust 
Certificateholders.  The Owner Trustee or a Paying Agent shall, upon 
receipt of at least 45 days notice from the Issuer or the Administrator as 
set forth in the Indenture, provide such notice to the Trust 
Certificateholder of record not more than 30 days and not less than 15 days 
prior to the date on which such final payment is expected to occur.


Section 5.04.
Accounting and Reports.


      (a)
      The Owner Trustee shall, based on information provided by the
      Transferor, (i) maintain (or cause to be maintained) the books of the
      Issuer on a calendar year basis on the accrual method of accounting
      (except as required by Article Eleven), and (ii) in addition to the
      Owner Trustees rights under Section 5.02, take such action as
      instructed by the Transferor, as holder of the Trust Certificate, to
      collect or cause to be collected and paid over to applicable
      authorities any withholding tax as described in and in accordance
      with Section 5.02 and Article Eleven with respect to income or
      distributions to Trust Certificateholders.  The Owner Trustee shall
      make all elections pursuant to Article Eleven as directed by the
      Transferor.


      (b)
      The Transferor shall maintain such books and records, and shall
      prepare and file such reports and returns, as are required pursuant
      to Sections 5.01 and 11.01.


ARTICLE SIX

AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OWNER TRUSTEE


Section 6.01.
General Authority.  The Owner Trustee shall administer the Issuer in the 
interest of the Trust Certificateholders, subject to the Lien of the 
Indenture Trustee, in accordance with the Basic Documents.  Subject to the 
provisions and limitations of Sections 2.03 and 2.06, the Owner Trustee is 
authorized and directed to execute and deliver on behalf of the Issuer the 
Basic Documents to which the Issuer is to be a party and each certificate 
or other document attached as an exhibit to or contemplated by the Basic 
Documents to which the Issuer is to be a party, in each case in such form 
as the Transferor shall approve as evidenced conclusively by the Owner 
Trustees execution thereof and the Transferors execution of this 
Agreement, and to direct the Indenture Trustee to authenticate and deliver 
Notes in the aggregate principal amount not to exceed $1,250,000,000 
(except as otherwise contemplated by Section 3.05).  In addition to the 
foregoing, the Owner Trustee is authorized but shall not be obligated to 
take all actions required of the Issuer pursuant to the Basic Documents.  
The Owner Trustee is further authorized from time to time to take such 
action on behalf of the Issuer as is permitted by the Basic Documents and 
that the Servicer or the Administrator instructs in writing with respect to 
the Basic Documents, except to the extent this Agreement expressly requires 
the consent of the Trust Certificateholders for such action.  The Owner 
Trustee shall not be liable for following such instruction.


Section 6.02.
General Duties.  Subject to the provisions and limitations of Sections 2.03 
and 2.06, it shall be the duty of the Owner Trustee to discharge or cause 
to be discharged all of its responsibilities pursuant to the terms of the 
Basic Documents to which the Issuer is a party and to administer the Issuer 
in the interest of the Trust Certificateholders, subject to the Lien of the 
Indenture Trustee, and in accordance with provisions of the Basic 
Documents.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Owner Trustee shall be 
deemed to have discharged its duties and responsibilities hereunder and 
under the other Basic Documents to the extent the Administrator has agreed 
in the Issuer Administration Agreement to perform any act or to discharge 
any duty of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee hereunder or under any other 
Basic Document, and the Owner Trustee shall not be held liable for the 
default or failure of the Administrator to carry out its obligations under 
the Issuer Administration Agreement.


Section 6.03.
Action Upon Instruction.


      (a)
      Subject to Article Four, the Transferor, as holder of the Trust
      Certificate, may by written instruction direct the Owner Trustee in
      the administration of the Issuer subject to, and in accordance with,
      the terms of the Basic Documents; provided that such instruction
      shall not, materially adversely affect any Securityholder.


      (b)
      The Owner Trustee shall not be required to take any action hereunder
      or under any other Basic Document if the Owner Trustee shall have
      reasonably determined, or shall have been advised by counsel, that
      such action is likely to result in liability on the part of the Owner
      Trustee, is contrary to the terms hereof or of any other Basic
      Document or is otherwise contrary to law or any obligation of the
      Owner Trustee or the Issuer.


      (c)
      Whenever the Owner Trustee is unable to decide between alternative
      courses of action permitted or required by the terms of this
      Agreement or any other Basic Document, the Owner Trustee shall
      promptly give notice (in such form as shall be appropriate under the
      circumstances) to the holder of the Trust Certificate requesting
      instruction as to the course of action to be adopted, and to the
      extent the Owner Trustee acts in good faith in accordance with any
      written instruction of Trust Certificateholders holding at least a
      majority of the Certificate Percentage Interest in the Trust
      Certificates, the Owner Trustee shall not be liable on account of
      such action to any Person.  If the Owner Trustee shall not have
      received appropriate instruction within ten days of such notice (or
      within such shorter period of time as reasonably may be specified in
      such notice as may be necessary under the circumstances), it may, but
      shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking such action
      not inconsistent with this Agreement or the other Basic Documents as
      it shall deem to be in the best interests of the Trust
      Certificateholders, and shall have no liability to any Person for
      such action or inaction.


      (d)
      In the event the Owner Trustee is unsure as to the application of any
      provision of this Agreement or any other Basic Document or any such
      provision is ambiguous as to its application, or is, or appears to
      be, in conflict with any other applicable provision, or in the event
      that this Agreement or any other Basic Document permits any
      determination by the Owner Trustee or is silent or is incomplete as
      to the course of action the Owner Trustee is required to take with
      respect to a particular set of facts, the Owner Trustee may give
      notice (in such form as shall be appropriate under the circumstances)
      to the Transferor, as holder of the Trust Certificate requesting
      instruction and, to the extent the Owner Trustee acts or refrains
      from acting in good faith in accordance with any such instruction
      received from Transferor, as holder of the Trust Certificate and in
      accordance with Sections 6.04 and 6.05, the Owner Trustee shall not
      be liable, on account of such action or inaction, to any Person.  If
      the Owner Trustee shall not have received appropriate instruction
      within ten days of such notice (or within such shorter period of time
      as reasonably may be specified in such notice or as may be necessary
      under the circumstances) it may, but shall be under no duty to, take
      or refrain from taking such action, not inconsistent with this
      Agreement or the other Basic Documents, as it shall deem to be in the
      best interests of the Trust Certificateholders, and shall have no
      liability to any Person for such action or inaction.


      (e)
      Notwithstanding the foregoing, the right of the Transferor or the
      Trust Certificateholders to take any action affecting the Owner Trust
      Estate shall be subject to the rights of the Indenture Trustee under
      the Indenture.


Section 6.04.
No Duties Except as Specified.  The Owner Trustee shall not be required to 
perform any of the obligations of the Issuer under this Agreement or the 
other Basic Documents that are required to be performed by (i) the Servicer 
under the Servicing Agreement or the SUBI Supplement, (ii) the Transferor 
under this Agreement, the SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement or the 
Back-Up Security Agreement, (iii) the Administrator under the Issuer 
Administration Agreement or (iv) the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture. 
 The Owner Trustee shall not have any duty or obligation to manage, make 
any payment with respect to, register, record, sell, dispose of or 
otherwise deal with the Owner Trust Estate, or to otherwise take or refrain 
from taking any action under, or in connection with, any document 
contemplated hereby to which the Issuer is a party, except as expressly 
provided by the terms of this Agreement or in any document or written 
instruction received by the Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 6.03; and no 
implied duties or obligations shall be read into this Agreement or any 
other Basic Document against the Owner Trustee.  The Owner Trustee shall 
have no responsibility for filing any financing or continuation statement 
in any public office at any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the 
perfection of any ownership or security interest in the Owner Trust Estate 
or to record this Agreement or any other Basic Document.  The Owner Trustee 
nevertheless agrees that it will, at its own cost and expense, promptly 
take all action as may be necessary to discharge any Liens (other than the 
Lien of the Indenture) on any part of the Owner Trust Estate that result 
from actions by or claims against the Owner Trustee in its individual 
capacity that are not related to the ownership or the administration of the 
Owner Trust Estate.


Section 6.05.
No Action Unless Specifically Authorized.  The Owner Trustee shall not 
manage, control, use, sell, dispose of or otherwise deal with any part of 
the Owner Trust Estate except in accordance with (i) the powers granted to 
and the authority conferred upon the Owner Trustee pursuant to this 
Agreement, (ii) the other Basic Documents to which the Issuer or the Owner 
Trustee is a party and (iii) any document or instruction delivered to the 
Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 6.03.  In particular, the Owner Trustee 
shall not transfer, sell, pledge, assign or convey the 2007-1 SUBI 
Certificate except as specifically required or permitted by the Basic 
Documents.


Section 6.06.
Restrictions.  The Owner Trustee shall not take any action (i) that is 
contrary to the purposes of the Issuer set forth in Section 2.03 or (ii) 
that, to the actual knowledge of the Owner Trustee, would (a) affect the 
treatment of the Notes as debt for federal income tax purposes, (b) be 
deemed to cause a taxable exchange of the Notes or the Certificates for 
federal income tax purposes or (c) cause the Issuer, the Transferor or the 
Vehicle Trust or any portion thereof to be taxable as an association (or a 
publicly traded partnership) taxable as a corporation for federal or state 
income or franchise tax purposes.  The Trust Certificateholders and the 
Transferor shall not direct the Owner Trustee to take action that would 
violate the provisions of this Section.  The Owner Trustee may not (i) 
initiate or settle any claim or lawsuit involving the Issuer (unless 
brought by the Servicer to collect amounts owed under a Specified Lease), 
(ii) amend this Agreement where Trust Certificateholder consent is 
required, (iii) amend this Agreement where Trust Certificateholder consent 
is not required if such amendment materially adversely affects the Trust 
Certificateholders or (iv) amend any Basic Document other than this 
Agreement if such amendment materially adversely affects the Trust 
Certificateholders, unless (a) the Owner Trustee provides 30 days written 
notice thereof to the Trust Certificateholders and each Rating Agency and 
(b) Trust Certificateholders evidencing at least 50% of the aggregate 
Certificate Percentage Interest do not object in writing to any such 
proposed amendment within 30 days of such notice.  Notwithstanding anything 
herein to the contrary, the Transferor, the Servicer and their respective 
Affiliates may maintain normal commercial banking relationships with the 
Owner Trustee and its Affiliates.


ARTICLE SEVEN

CONCERNING THE OWNER TRUSTEE


Section 7.01.
Acceptance of Trusts and Duties.  The Owner Trustee accepts the trusts 
hereby created and agrees to perform its duties hereunder with respect to 
such trusts but only upon the terms of this Agreement.  The Owner Trustee 
also agrees to disburse all monies actually received by it constituting 
part of the Owner Trust Estate upon the terms of the Basic Documents to 
which the Issuer or the Owner Trustee is a party.  The Owner Trustee shall 
not be answerable or accountable hereunder or under any other Basic 
Document under any circumstances, except (i) for its own willful 
misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence or (ii) in the case of the 
inaccuracy of any representation or warranty contained in Section 7.03 made 
by the Owner Trustee.  In particular, but not by way of limitation, and 
subject to the exceptions set forth in the preceding sentence:


      (a)
      the Owner Trustee shall not be liable for any error in judgment of a
      responsible officer of the Owner Trustee;


      (b)
      the Owner Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action
      taken or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with the
      instructions of any Trust Certificateholder, the Indenture Trustee,
      the Transferor, the Administrator or the Servicer;


      (c)
      no provision of this Agreement or any other Basic Document shall
      require the Owner Trustee to expend or risk funds or otherwise incur
      any financial liability in the performance of any of its rights or
      powers hereunder or under any other Basic Document if the Owner
      Trustee shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of
      such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is
      not reasonably assured or provided to it;


      (d)
      under no circumstances shall the Owner Trustee be liable for
      indebtedness evidenced by or arising under any of the Basic
      Documents, including the principal of and interest on the Notes or
      the Trust Certificates;


      (e)
      the Owner Trustee shall not be responsible for or in respect of the
      validity or sufficiency of this Agreement or for the due execution
      hereof by the Transferor or for the form, character, genuineness,
      sufficiency, value or validity of any of the Owner Trust Estate or
      for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of the other Basic
      Documents, other than the execution of and the certificate of
      authentication on the Trust Certificates, and the Owner Trustee shall
      in no event be deemed to have assumed or incurred any liability, duty
      or obligation to any Securityholder, the Cap Counterparty or any
      third party dealing with the Issuer or the Owner Trust Estate, other
      than as expressly provided for herein and in the other Basic
      Documents;


      (f)
      the Owner Trustee shall not be liable for the misfeasance,
      malfeasance or nonfeasance of the Servicer, the Administrator, the
      Transferor or the Indenture Trustee under any of the Basic Documents
      or otherwise, and the Owner Trustee shall have no obligation or
      liability to perform the obligations of the Issuer or the Transferor
      under this Agreement or the Basic Documents that are required to be
      performed by the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement or the SUBI
      Trust Agreement, the Administrator under the Issuer Administration
      Agreement or the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture; and


      (g)
      the Owner Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the
      rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement, or to institute,
      conduct or defend any litigation under this Agreement or otherwise or
      in relation to this Agreement or any other Basic Document, at the
      request, order or direction of any of the Trust Certificateholders
      unless such Trust Certificateholders have offered to the Owner
      Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to it against the Expenses
      that may be incurred by the Owner Trustee therein or thereby; the
      right of the Owner Trustee to perform any discretionary act
      enumerated in this Agreement or in any other Basic Document shall not
      be construed as a duty, and the Owner Trustee shall not be answerable
      for other than its bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct
      in the performance of any such act.


Section 7.02.
Doing Business in Other Jurisdictions.  Notwithstanding anything contained 
herein to the contrary, neither Wilmington Trust Company nor the Owner 
Trustee shall be required to take any action in any jurisdiction other than 
in the State of Delaware if the taking of such action will (i) require the 
consent or approval or authorization or order of or the giving of notice 
to, or the registration with or the taking of any other action in respect 
of, any state or other governmental authority or agency of any jurisdiction 
other than the State of Delaware; (ii) result in any fee, tax or other 
governmental charge under the laws of any jurisdiction or any political 
subdivisions thereof in existence on the date hereof other than the State 
of Delaware becoming payable by Wilmington Trust Company; or (iii) subject 
Wilmington Trust Company to personal jurisdiction in any jurisdiction other 
than the State of Delaware for causes of action arising from acts unrelated 
to the consummation of the transactions by Wilmington Trust Company or the 
Owner Trustee, as the case may be, contemplated hereby.  The Owner Trustee 
shall be entitled to obtain advice of counsel (which advice shall be an 
expense of the Transferor) to determine whether any action required to be 
taken pursuant to the Agreement results in the consequences described in 
clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of the preceding sentence.  In the event that 
said counsel advises the Owner Trustee that such action will result in such 
consequences, the Owner Trustee will appoint an additional trustee pursuant 
to Section 10.05 hereof to proceed with such action.


Section 7.03.
Furnishing of Documents.  The Owner Trustee shall furnish to any Trust 
Certificateholder promptly upon receipt of a written request by such Trust 
Certificateholder (at the expense of the requesting Trust 
Certificateholder) therefor, duplicates or copies of all reports, notices, 
requests, demands, certificates and any other instruments furnished to the 
Owner Trustee under the Basic Documents.


Section 7.04.
Representations and Warranties.  The Owner Trustee hereby represents and 
warrants to the Transferor, the Trust Certificateholders, that:


      (a)
      It is a banking corporation duly organized and validly existing in
      good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.  It has all
      requisite corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and
      perform its obligations under this Agreement.


      (b)
      It has taken all corporate action necessary to authorize the
      execution and delivery by it of this Agreement, and this Agreement
      will be executed and delivered by one of its officers who is duly
      authorized to execute and deliver this Agreement on its behalf.


      (c)
      Neither the execution nor the delivery by it of this Agreement, nor
      the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby nor
      compliance by it with any of the terms or provisions hereof will
      contravene any federal or Delaware law, governmental rule or
      regulation governing the banking or trust powers of the Owner Trustee
      or any judgment or order binding on it, or constitute any default
      under its charter documents or bylaws or any indenture, mortgage,
      contract, agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which
      any of its properties may be bound or result in the creation or
      imposition of any Lien, charge or encumbrance on the Owner Trust
      Estate resulting from actions by or claims against the Owner Trustee
      individually that are unrelated to this Agreement or the other Basic
      Documents.


      (d)
      This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by it and
      constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of it, enforceable
      against the Owner Trustee in accordance with its terms, except as
      enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
      reorganization or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
      creditors rights in general and by general principles of equity,
      regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a
      proceeding in equity or at law.


Section 7.05.
Reliance; Advice of Counsel.


      (a)
      The Owner Trustee may rely upon, shall be protected in relying upon
      and shall incur no liability to anyone in acting or refraining from
      acting upon, any signature, instrument, notice, resolution, request,
      consent, order, certificate, report, opinion, bond or other document
      or paper believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to be signed
      by the proper party or parties.  The Owner Trustee may accept a
      certified copy of a Board Resolution or documents of any other
      governing body of any corporate party as conclusive evidence that
      such Board Resolution or other document has been duly adopted by such
      body and that the same is in full force and effect.  As to any fact
      or matter the method of the determination of which is not
      specifically prescribed herein, the Owner Trustee may for all
      purposes hereof rely on a certificate, signed by the president, any
      vice president, the treasurer, any assistant treasurer or any other
      authorized officers of the relevant party as to such fact or matter,
      and such certificate shall constitute full protection to the Owner
      Trustee for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good
      faith in reliance thereon.


      (b)
      In the exercise or administration of the trusts hereunder and in the
      performance of its duties and obligations under this Agreement and
      the other Basic Documents, the Owner Trustee (i) may act directly or
      through its agents or attorneys pursuant to agreements entered into
      with any of them, and the Owner Trustee shall not be liable for the
      conduct or misconduct of such agents or attorneys if such agents or
      attorneys shall have been selected by the Owner Trustee with
      reasonable care and (ii) may consult with counsel, accountants and
      other skilled Persons to be selected with reasonable care and
      employed by it.  The Owner Trustee shall not be liable for anything
      done, suffered or omitted in good faith by it in accordance with the
      opinion or advice of any such counsel, accountants or other such
      Persons and not contrary to this Agreement or any other Basic
      Document.


Section 7.06.
Not Acting in Individual Capacity.  Except as provided in this Article, in 
accepting the trusts hereby created, Wilmington Trust Company acts solely 
as Owner Trustee hereunder and not in its individual capacity and all 
Persons having any claim against the Owner Trustee by reason of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Basic Document shall 
look only to the Owner Trust Estate for payment or satisfaction thereof.


Section 7.07.
Owner Trustee Not Liable for Trust Certificates.  The recitals contained 
herein and in the Trust Certificates (other than the signature of the Owner 
Trustee and the certificate of authentication on the Trust Certificates and 
its representations and warranties in Section 7.03) shall be taken as the 
statements of the Transferor and the Owner Trustee assumes no 
responsibility for the correctness thereof.  The Owner Trustee makes no 
representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Agreement, any 
other Basic Document or the Trust Certificates (other than the signature of 
the Owner Trustee and the certificate of authentication on the Trust 
Certificates) or the Notes or any offering document relating to either of 
them.  The Owner Trustee shall at no time have any responsibility or 
liability for or with respect to the legality, validity or enforceability 
of any Basic Document to which the Owner Trustee is to be a party (except 
for enforceability against the Owner Trustee), or the perfection and 
priority of any security interest created by or under any Basic Document, 
or the maintenance of any such perfection and priority, or for or with 
respect to the sufficiency of the Owner Trust Estate or its ability to 
generate the payments to be distributed to Trust Certificateholders or to 
the Noteholders under the Indenture, the validity of the transfer of the 
2007-1 SUBI Certificate to the Issuer, or for the compliance by the 
Transferor, the Administrator or the Servicer with any warranty or 
representation made under any Basic Document or for the accuracy of any 
such warranty or representation or for any action of the Administrator, the 
Servicer or the Indenture Trustee taken in the name of the Owner Trustee.


Section 7.08.
Owner Trustee May Own Trust Certificates and Notes.  The Owner Trustee in 
its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of 
Trust Certificates or Notes and may deal with the Transferor, the Servicer, 
the Administrator, the Indenture Trustee and their respective Affiliates, 
in banking transactions with the same rights as it would have if it were 
not the Owner Trustee.


ARTICLE EIGHT

COMPENSATION OF OWNER TRUSTEE


Section 8.01.
Owner Trustees Compensation and Indemnification.


      (a)
      The Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar and any Paying Agent
      shall receive as compensation from the Administrator for its services
      hereunder such fees as have been separately agreed upon before the
      date hereof between the Transferor or the Administrator and the Owner
      Trustee, the Certificate Registrar or the Paying Agent.  The
      Transferor, as holder of the Trust Certificate, shall be liable as
      primary obligor for, and shall indemnify the Owner Trustee, the
      Certificate Registrar and any Paying Agent and their respective
      successors, assigns, agents, servants, officers and employees
      (collectively, the Indemnified Parties) from and against, any
      Expenses (other than overhead) that may at any time be imposed on,
      incurred by or asserted against the Owner Trustee or any other
      Indemnified Party in any way relating to or arising out of the Basic
      Documents, the Owner Trust Estate, the administration of the Owner
      Trust Estate or the action or inaction of the Owner Trustee
      hereunder, except only that the Transferor, as holder of the Trust
      Certificate, shall not be liable for or required to indemnify any
      Indemnified Party from and against Expenses arising or resulting from
      any of the matters described in items (i) or (ii) of the third
      sentence of Section 7.01 or for any income taxes on any fees payable
      to any Indemnified Party as set forth in Section 2.07.  The
      indemnities contained in this Section shall survive the resignation
      or termination of the Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar or any
      Paying Agent or the termination of this Agreement.  In any event of
      any claim, action or proceeding for which indemnity will be sought
      pursuant to this Section, the Indemnified Partys choice of legal
      counsel shall be subject to the approval of the Transferor, which
      approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.  Neither the Transferor
      nor the Administrator shall make any claim upon the Owner Trust
      Estate for the payment of such Expenses.


      (b)
      Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Owner Trustee shall not be liable
      for (i) any error of judgment made by an officer of the Owner
      Trustee, (ii) any action taken or omitted to be taken in accordance
      with the instructions of any Trust Certificateholder, the Indenture
      Trustee, the Transferor, the Administrator or the Servicer, (iii) the
      interest on or principal of the Securities or (iv) the default or
      misconduct of the Administrator, the Servicer, the Transferor or the
      Indenture Trustee.


ARTICLE NINE

TERMINATION OF TRUST AGREEMENT


Section 9.01.
Termination of Trust Agreement.


      (a)
      This Agreement (other than Article Eight) shall terminate and be of
      no further force or effect, (i) upon the final distribution by the
      Owner Trustee of all funds or other property or proceeds of the Owner
      Trust Estate in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and this
      Agreement and (ii) at the times provided in Section 2.19 of the
      Servicing Agreement.  The bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution, or
      termination, death or incapacity of any Trust Certificateholder,
      shall not (i) operate to terminate this Agreement or the Issuer, (ii)
      entitle such Trust Certificateholders legal representatives or heirs
      to claim an accounting or to take any action or proceeding in any
      court for a partition or winding up of all or any part of the Issuer
      or Owner Trust Estate nor (iii) otherwise affect the rights,
      obligations and liabilities of the parties hereto.


      (b)
      Except as provided in Section 9.01(a), neither the Transferor nor any
      other Trust Certificateholder shall be entitled to revoke or
      terminate the Issuer.


      (c)
      Notice of any termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section
      9.01(a) shall be given by the Administrator by letter to Trust
      Certificateholders mailed within five Business Days of notice of such
      termination is sent to the Owner Trustee by the Administrator,
      stating (i) the Payment Date upon or with respect to which final
      payment of the Trust Certificates shall be made upon presentation and
      surrender of the Trust Certificates at the office of the Paying Agent
      therein designated, (ii) the amount of any such final payment and
      (iii) that the Record Date otherwise applicable to such Payment Date
      is not applicable, payments being made only upon presentation and
      surrender of the Trust Certificates at the office of the Paying Agent
      therein specified.  The Administrator shall give such notice to the
      Certificate Registrar (if other than the Owner Trustee) and the
      Paying Agent at the time such notice is given to Trust
      Certificateholders and the Transferor.  Upon presentation and
      surrender of the Trust Certificates, the Paying Agent shall cause to
      be distributed to Trust Certificateholders amounts distributable on
      such Payment Date pursuant to Section 5.02.  The Administrator shall
      promptly notify each Rating Agency upon the final payment of the
      Trust Certificates.


      (d)
      In the event that all of the Trust Certificateholders shall not
      surrender their Trust Certificates for cancellation within six months
      after the date specified in the above-mentioned written notice, the
      Administrator shall give a second written notice to the remaining
      Trust Certificateholders to surrender their Trust Certificates for
      cancellation and receive the final distribution with respect thereto.
       If within one year after the second notice, all of the Trust
      Certificates shall not have been surrendered for cancellation, the
      Administrator may take appropriate steps, or may appoint an agent to
      take appropriate steps, to contact the remaining Trust
      Certificateholders concerning surrender of their Trust Certificates,
      and the cost thereof shall be paid out of the funds and other assets
      that shall remain subject to this Agreement.  Any funds remaining in
      the Issuer after exhaustion of such remedies shall be distributed by
      the Owner Trustee to the Administrator.


      (e)
      Upon the winding up of the Issuer and its termination and upon proper
      instruction under Section 6.03 hereof, the Owner Trustee shall cause
      the Certificate of Trust to be cancelled by filing a certificate of
      cancellation with the Secretary of State in accordance with Section
      3810 of the Statutory Trust Statute.


ARTICLE TEN

SUCCESSOR OWNER TRUSTEES AND
ADDITIONAL OWNER TRUSTEES


Section 10.01.
Eligibility Requirements for Owner Trustee.  The Owner Trustee shall (i) be 
a corporation satisfying the provisions of Section 3807(a) of the Statutory 
Trust Statute; (ii) at all times be able and authorized to exercise 
corporate trust powers; (iii) have a long-term debt rating of A or higher 
or be otherwise acceptable to each Rating Agency; (iv) have combined 
capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000; and (v) be subject to 
supervision or examination by federal or state authorities.  If the Owner 
Trustee shall publish reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to 
law or to the requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining 
authority, then for the purpose of this Section, the combined capital and 
surplus of the Owner Trustee shall be deemed to be its combined capital and 
surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published.  
In case at any time the Owner Trustee shall cease to be eligible in 
accordance with the provisions of this Section, the Owner Trustee shall 
resign immediately in the manner and with the effect specified in Section 
10.02.


Section 10.02.
Resignation or Removal of Owner Trustee.  The Owner Trustee may at any time 
resign and be discharged from the trusts hereby created by giving written 
notice thereof to the Administrator, the Servicer, each Rating Agency, the 
Transferor, the Indenture Trustee and the Trust Certificateholders.  Upon 
receiving such notice of resignation, the Transferor shall promptly appoint 
a successor Owner Trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, one copy of 
which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Owner Trustee and one 
copy to the successor Owner Trustee.  If no successor Owner Trustee shall 
have been so appointed and have accepted appointment within 30 days after 
the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Owner Trustee may 
petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a 
successor Owner Trustee.


If at any time the Owner Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 10.01 and shall fail to resign after written 
request therefor by the Administrator, the Transferor or Trust 
Certificateholders holding not less than a majority of the aggregate 
Certificate Percentage Interest, or if at any time the Owner Trustee shall 
be legally unable to act, or shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or a 
receiver of the Owner Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any 
public officer shall take charge or control of the Owner Trustee or of its 
property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or 
liquidation, then the Transferor or such Trust Certificateholders may 
remove the Owner Trustee.  If the Owner Trustee shall be removed pursuant 
to the preceding sentence, the Transferor shall promptly appoint a 
successor Owner Trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, one copy of 
which instrument shall be delivered to the outgoing Owner Trustee so 
removed and one copy to the successor Owner Trustee.


Any resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee and appointment of a 
successor Owner Trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section 
shall not become effective until acceptance of appointment by the successor 
Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 10.03 and payment of all fees and 
expenses owed to the outgoing Owner Trustee.  The Transferor shall provide 
written notice of such resignation or removal of the Owner Trustee to each 
Rating Agency.  Any appointment of a successor Owner Trustee is subject to 
satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition.


Section 10.03.
Successor Owner Trustee.  Any successor Owner Trustee appointed pursuant to 
Section 10.02 shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Administrator 
and to its predecessor Owner Trustee an instrument accepting such 
appointment under this Agreement, and thereupon the resignation or removal 
of the predecessor Owner Trustee shall become effective and such successor 
Owner Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become 
fully vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its 
predecessor under this Agreement, with like effect as if originally named 
as Owner Trustee.  The predecessor Owner Trustee shall, upon payment of its 
fees and expenses, deliver to the successor Owner Trustee all documents and 
statements and monies held by it under this Agreement; and the Transferor, 
the Administrator and the predecessor Owner Trustee shall execute and 
deliver such instruments and do such other things as may reasonably be 
required for fully and certainly vesting and confirming in the successor 
Owner Trustee all such rights, powers, duties and obligations.


No successor Owner Trustee shall accept appointment as provided in this 
Section unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Owner Trustee 
shall be eligible pursuant to Section 10.01.


Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor Owner Trustee pursuant to 
this Section, the Transferor shall mail notice of the successor of such 
Owner Trustee to all Trust Certificateholders, the Cap Counterparty, the 
Indenture Trustee and each Rating Agency.  If the Transferor shall fail to 
mail such notice within ten days after acceptance of appointment by the 
successor Owner Trustee, the successor Owner Trustee shall cause such 
notice to be mailed at the expense of the Transferor.


Section 10.04.
Merger or Consolidation of Owner Trustee.  Any Person (i) into which the 
Owner Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be 
consolidated, (ii) resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation 
to which the Owner Trustee shall be a party or (iii) succeeding to all or 
substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Owner Trustee, 
shall be the successor of the Owner Trustee hereunder, without the 
execution or filing of any instrument or any further act on the part of any 
of the parties hereto, provided, that such Person shall (i) be eligible 
pursuant to Section 10.01 anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding 
and (ii) file any amendment as may be required by the Statutory Trust 
Statute.  The Owner Trustee shall mail notice of such merger, conversion, 
or consolidation to each Rating Agency, the Indenture Trustee and the Trust 
Certificateholders.


Section 10.05.
Appointment of Co-Trustee or Separate Trustee.  Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Agreement, at any time, for the purpose of meeting any 
legal requirements of any jurisdiction in which any part of the Owner Trust 
Estate may at the time be located, the Transferor and the Owner Trustee 
acting jointly shall have the power and shall execute and deliver all 
instruments to appoint one or more Persons to act as co-trustee, jointly 
with the Owner Trustee, or separate trustee or separate trustees, of all or 
any part of the Owner Trust Estate, and to vest in such Person, in such 
capacity, such title to the Issuer, or any part thereof, and, subject to 
the other provisions of this Section, such powers, duties, obligations, 
rights and trusts as the Transferor and the Owner Trustee may consider 
necessary or desirable.  If the Transferor shall not have joined in such 
appointment within 15 days after the receipt by it of a request so to do, 
the Owner Trustee alone shall have the power to make such appointment.  No 
co-trustee or separate trustee under this Agreement shall be required to 
meet the terms of eligibility as a trustee pursuant to Section 10.01 and no 
notice of the appointment of any co-trustee or separate trustee shall be 
required pursuant to Section 10.03.


Each separate trustee and co-trustee shall, to the extent permitted by law, 
be appointed and act subject to the following provisions and conditions:


      (a)
      all rights, powers, duties and obligations conferred or imposed upon
      the Owner Trustee shall be conferred upon and exercised or performed
      by the Owner Trustee and such separate trustee or co-trustee jointly
      (it being understood that such separate trustee or co-trustee is not
      authorized to act separately without the Owner Trustee joining in
      such act), except to the extent that under any law of any
      jurisdiction in which any particular act or acts are to be performed,
      the Owner Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such
      act or acts, in which event such rights, powers, duties and
      obligations (including the holding of title to the Trust Estate or
      any portion thereof in any such jurisdiction) shall be exercised and
      performed singly by such separate trustee or co-trustee, but solely
      at the direction of the Owner Trustee;


      (b)
      no trustee under this Agreement shall be personally liable by reason
      of any act or omission of any other trustee under this Agreement; and


      (c)
      the Transferor and the Owner Trustee acting jointly may at any time
      accept the resignation of or remove any separate trustee or
      co-trustee.


Any notice, request or other writing given to the Owner Trustee shall be 
deemed to have been given to each of the then separate trustees and 
co-trustees as effectively as if given to each of them.  Every instrument 
appointing any separate trustee or co-trustee shall refer to this Agreement 
and the conditions of this Article.  Each separate trustee and co-trustee, 
upon its acceptance of the trusts conferred, shall be vested with the 
estates or property specified in its instrument of appointment, either 
jointly with the Owner Trustee or separately, as may be provided therein, 
subject to all the provisions of this Agreement, specifically including 
every provision of this Agreement relating to the conduct of, affecting the 
liability of, or affording protection to the Owner Trustee.  Each such 
instrument shall be filed with the Owner Trustee and a copy thereof given 
to the Administrator, the Servicer and the Transferor.


Any separate trustee or co-trustee may at any time appoint the Owner 
Trustee, its agent or attorney-in-fact with full power and authority, to 
the extent not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or in respect 
of this Agreement on its behalf and in its name.  If any separate trustee 
or co-trustee shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, 
all of its estates, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall vest in 
and be exercised by the Owner Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, 
without the appointment of a new or successor trustee.


ARTICLE ELEVEN

TAX MATTERS


Section 11.01.
Tax and Accounting Characterization.


      (a)
      It is the intent of the parties hereto that the Issuer not constitute
      a separate entity for federal income tax or state income or franchise
      tax purposes.  It is the intent of the Transferor, the Noteholders
      and Trust Certificateholders that the Notes be treated as
      indebtedness of the Transferor secured by the Specified Vehicles and
      the payments on the Specified Leases for federal income tax and state
      income and franchise tax purposes.  The Trust Certificates shall be
      characterized as equity in the Issuer and the Issuer shall for
      federal income tax purposes be disregarded as an entity separate from
      the beneficial owner of the Trust Certificate for so long as there is
      only one such beneficial owner. The parties agree that, unless
      otherwise required by appropriate tax authorities, the Issuer shall
      not file or cause to be filed annual returns, reports or other forms
      and will treat the Issuer in a manner consistent with the
      characterization that the Issuer is not a separate entity for tax
      purposes.


      (b)
      It is the intent of the parties hereto that the Trust Certificate be
      treated as a direct ownership interest in the assets of the Issuer
      for purposes of federal income tax and state income and franchise tax
      purposes.  If, however, the Issuer is characterized as a separate
      entity for federal income tax purposes, it is the intention of the
      parties that the Issuer qualify as a partnership for such purposes
      and the Transferor, as the holder of the Trust Certificate, will be
      treated as a partner in such partnership.  The Transferor agrees to
      take no action inconsistent with the tax characterization of the
      Trust Certificate as a direct ownership interest in the assets of the
      Issuer for all tax purposes.


Section 11.02.
Signature on Returns; Tax Matters Partner.


      (a)
      In the event that the Issuer shall be required to file federal or
      other income tax returns as a partnership, such returns shall be
      signed by an authorized signatory for the holder of the Trust
      Certificate, or such other Person as shall be required by law to sign
      such returns of the Issuer.


      (b)
      By acceptance of its beneficial interest in a Trust Certificate, each
      Trust Certificateholder agrees that in the event that the Issuer is
      classified as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, the
      Transferor, as holder of the Trust Certificate, shall be the tax
      matters partner of the Issuer pursuant to the Code.


Section 11.03.
Tax Reporting.  Unless otherwise required by appropriate tax authorities, 
the Issuer shall not file or cause to be filed annual or other income or 
franchise tax returns and shall not be required to obtain any taxpayer 
identification number.


ARTICLE TWELVE

MISCELLANEOUS


Section 12.01.
Amendments.


      (a)
      This Agreement may be amended by the Transferor and the Owner Trustee
      without the consent of any of the Securityholders to cure any
      ambiguity, correct or supplement any provision herein that may be
      inconsistent with any other provision herein, add any other
      provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this
      Agreement that are not inconsistent with the provisions of this
      Agreement or add or amend any provision herein in connection with
      permitting transfers of the Trust Certificates or otherwise;
      provided, however, that such action shall not materially adversely
      affect the interests of any Holder of a 2007-1 SUBI Certificate
      (which, so long as any Notes are outstanding, shall include the
      Indenture Trustee) or any Securityholder.  Each amendment described
      above shall be deemed not to materially and adversely affect the
      interests of any holder of Notes, if the Rating Agency Condition is
      satisfied.


      (b)
      This Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the
      Transferor and the Owner Trustee, with prior written notice to the
      Rating Agencies and confirmation from each Rating Agency that such
      amendment would not cause a Ratings Event, with the consent of the
      Noteholders holding a majority of the Outstanding Amount and, to the
      extent affected thereby, the consent of the Trust Certificateholders
      holding not less than a majority of the aggregate Certificate
      Percentage Interest, for the purpose of adding any provisions to or
      changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this
      Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders
      or the Trust Certificateholders.  No such amendment shall, however,
      (i) increase or reduce in any manner the amount of, or accelerate or
      delay the timing of, distributions that are required to be made on
      the Notes or the Trust Certificates or (ii) reduce the percentage of
      the aggregate Certificate Percentage Interest or the Outstanding
      Amount required to consent to any such amendment, without the consent
      of the holders of 100% of all outstanding Trust Certificates, and
      provided, further that an Opinion of Counsel shall be furnished to
      the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee to the effect that such
      amendment shall not (A) affect the treatment of the Notes as debt for
      federal income tax purposes, (B) be deemed to cause a taxable
      exchange of the Notes for federal income tax purposes or (C) cause
      the Issuer or the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate to be classified as an
      association (or a publicly traded partnership) taxable as a
      corporation for federal income tax purposes. This Agreement may also
      be amended or supplemented from time to time, at the request of Trust
      Certificateholders holding not less than 75% of the aggregate
      Certificate Percentage Interest, to approve any trust purpose with
      respect to the Issuer in addition to the purpose authorized pursuant
      to Section 2.03(b), upon not less that 90 days notice to each Rating
      Agency and each Noteholder and subject to each of (1) the prior
      written confirmation by each Rating Agency that such action will not
      result in a Rating Event, and (2) the consent of Noteholders holding
      at least 75% of the Outstanding Amount, and provided, further that an
      Opinion of Counsel shall be furnished to the Indenture Trustee and
      the Owner Trustee to the effect that such amendment or supplement
      shall not affect the treatment of any outstanding Notes for federal
      income tax purposes, or cause the Issuer or the 2007-1 SUBI
      Certificate to be classified as an association (or a publicly traded
      partnership) taxable as a corporation for federal income tax
      purposes.


It shall not be necessary for the consent of Trust Certificateholders, the 
Noteholders or the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section to approve 
the particular form of any proposed amendment or consent, but it shall be 
sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof.  The manner 
of obtaining such consents (and any other consents of Trust 
Certificateholders provided for in this Agreement or in any other Basic 
Document) and of evidencing the authorization of the execution thereof by 
Trust Certificateholders shall be subject to such reasonable requirements 
as the Owner Trustee may prescribe.


      (c)
      Notwithstanding Section 12.01(b), this Agreement may be amended at
      any time by the parties hereto to the extent reasonably necessary to
      assure that none of the Vehicle Trust, the Issuer or the Transferor
      will be classified as an association (or a publicly traded
      partnership) taxable as a corporation for federal income tax
      purposes.


      (d)
      Prior to the execution of any amendment to this Agreement or any
      other Basic Document, the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to receive
      and rely upon an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of
      such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement and the
      other Basic Documents and that all conditions precedent herein and in
      the other Basic Documents to the execution and delivery of such
      amendment have been satisfied.  The Owner Trustee may, but shall not
      be obligated to, enter into any such amendment which affects the
      Owner Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under this Agreement
      or otherwise.


      (e)
      The Owner Trustee shall give the Trust Certificateholders 30 days
      written notice of any proposed amendment or supplement hereto, unless
      such amendment or supplement does not materially adversely affect the
      Trust Certificateholders or if Noteholder consent is required and
      this Agreement provides that the Owner Trustee shall not enter into
      such amendment unless a majority of the aggregate Certificate
      Percentage Interest of Trust Certificateholders consent in writing.


Section 12.02.
No Legal Title to Owner Trust Estate.  The Trust Certificateholder shall 
not have legal title to any part of the Owner Trust Estate.  The Trust 
Certificateholder shall be entitled to receive distributions with respect 
to its Trust Certificate only in accordance with Articles Five and Nine.  
No transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, of any right, title or 
interest of the Trust Certificateholders to and in their ownership interest 
in the Owner Trust Estate shall operate to terminate this Agreement or the 
trusts hereunder or entitle any transferee to an accounting or to the 
transfer to it of legal title to any part of the Owner Trust Estate.


Section 12.03.
Limitations on Rights of Others.  Except for Section 2.07, the provisions 
of this Agreement are solely for the benefit of the Owner Trustee, the 
Transferor, the Trust Certificateholders, the Administrator, the Servicer, 
the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders, and nothing in this Agreement 
(other than Section 2.07), whether express or implied, shall be construed 
to give to any other Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim 
in the Owner Trust Estate or under or in respect of this Agreement or any 
covenants, conditions or provisions contained herein.


Section 12.04.
Notices.  All demands, notices and communications hereunder shall be in 
writing and shall be delivered or mailed by registered or certified 
first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, hand delivery, prepaid 
courier service, or by telecopier, and addressed in each case as follows:  
(i) if to the Owner Trustee, at Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market 
Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1600; (ii) if to the Transferor, at 300 
Chestnut Ridge Road, Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677 (telecopier no. (201) 
307-9286), Attention:  General Counsel, with a copy (which shall not 
constitute notice) to Reed Auerbach, Esq., McKee Nelson LLP, One Battery 
Park Plaza, 34th Floor, New York, New York 10004; (iii) if to Moodys, to 
ABS/RMBS Monitoring Department, 25th Floor, 7 World Trade Center, 250 
Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10007, Email: ServicerReports@moodys.com, 
Fax: 212-298-7139; (iv) if to S&P, to  Servicer_reports@sandp.com or to 
Standard & Poors Ratings Services, 55 Water Street, 42nd Floor, New York, 
New York 10041 (telecopier no. (212) 438-2654), Attention: Asset Backed 
Surveillance Group; or (v) at such other address as shall be designated by 
any of the foregoing in a written notice to the other parties hereto.  
Delivery shall occur only upon receipt or reported tender of such 
communication by an officer of the recipient entitled to receive such 
notices located at the address of such recipient for notices hereunder.


Any notice required or permitted to be given to a Trust Certificateholder 
shall be given by first-class mail, confirmed, facsimile or overnight 
courier, postage prepaid, at the address of such Trust Certificateholder as 
shown in the Certificate Register.  Any notice so mailed within the time 
prescribed in this Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been 
duly given, whether or not such Trust Certificateholder receives such 
notice.


Section 12.05.
Severability.  Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or 
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be 
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without 
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or 
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render 
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.


Section 12.06.
Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in 
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall 
be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one 
and the same instrument.


Section 12.07.
Successors and Assigns.  All covenants and agreements contained herein 
shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the Transferor, the 
Owner Trustee and the Trust Certificateholder and their respective 
successors and permitted assigns, all to the extent as herein provided.  
Any request, notice, direction, consent, waiver or other instrument or 
action by the Trust Certificateholder shall bind the successors and assigns 
of the Transferor or such Trust Certificateholder.


Section 12.08.
No Petition.  The Owner Trustee, any Paying Agent, the Transferor and the 
Trust Certificateholder by accepting a Trust Certificate, covenant and 
agree that prior to the date that is one year and one day after the date 
upon which all obligations and payments under the related transaction 
documents have been paid in full, they will not institute against, or join 
in any institution against the UTI Beneficiary, the Vehicle Trustee, the 
Vehicle Trust, the Transferor, the Issuer, any other Affiliate or any 
beneficiary, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or 
liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any United States federal 
or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations 
relating to the Notes, the Trust Certificates or any of the related 
transaction documents.


Section 12.09.
No Recourse.  Each Trust Certificate entitles the holder thereof to the 
respective rights and benefits set forth in this Agreement and in the Trust 
Certificate.  The Trust Certificates do not represent interests in or 
obligations of the Servicer, the Transferor, the Owner Trustee, any Paying 
Agent, the Indenture Trustee or any Affiliate thereof and no recourse may 
be had against such parties or their assets, except as may be expressly set 
forth or contemplated in this Agreement, the Trust Certificates or the 
other Basic Documents.


Section 12.10.
Headings.  The headings of the various Articles and Sections herein are for 
convenience of reference only and shall not define or limit any of the 
terms or provisions hereof.


Section 12.11.
Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to its conflicts of law 
provisions, and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties 
hereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws.


Section 12.12.
Certificates Nonassessable and Fully Paid.  Subject to Section 2.07, Trust 
Certificateholders shall not be personally liable for obligations of the 
Issuer.  The interests represented by the Trust Certificates shall be 
nonassessable for any losses or expenses of the Issuer or for any reason 
whatsoever, and, upon authentication thereof pursuant to Section 3.03, 3.04 
and 3.05, the Trust Certificates shall be deemed fully paid.


ARTICLE THIRTEEN

COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION AB


The Depositor and the Owner Trustee acknowledge and agree that the purpose 
of Article XIII of this Agreement is to facilitate compliance by the 
Depositor with the provisions of Regulation AB and related rules and 
regulations of the Commission.


Neither the Depositor or the Owner Trustee shall exercise its right to 
request delivery of information or other performance under these provisions 
other than in good faith, or for purposes other than compliance with the 
Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the 
Commission thereunder (or the provision in a private offering of disclosure 
comparable to that required under the Securities Act).  The Owner Trustee 
acknowledges that interpretations of the requirements of Regulation AB may 
change over time, whether due to interpretive guidance provided by the 
Commission or its staff, consensus among participants in the asset-backed 
securities markets, advice of counsel, or otherwise, and agrees to comply 
with requests made by the Depositor in good faith for delivery of 
information under these provisions on the basis of evolving interpretations 
of Regulation AB.  In connection therewith, the Owner Trustee shall 
cooperate fully with the Depositor to deliver to the Depositor (including 
any of its assignees or designees), any and all statements, reports, 
certifications, records, attestations, and any other information necessary 
in the good faith determination of the Depositor, to permit the Depositor 
to comply with the provisions of Regulation AB, together with such 
disclosures relating to the Owner Trustee or the servicing of the 2007-1 
Leases and the 2007-1 Vehicles, reasonably believed by the Depositor to be 
necessary in order to effect such compliance.


[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]




------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amended and 
Restated Trust Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers 
hereunto duly authorized, as of the day and year first above written.


                                    BMW AUTO LEASING LLC,
                                      as Transferor


                                    By:
                                    /s/ Kerstin Zerbst
                                    Name: Kerstin Zerbst
                                    Title:   Vice President-Finance


                                    By:
                                    /s/ Joachim Herr
                                    Name: Joachim Herr
                                    Title:   Treasurer


                                    WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY,
                                      as Owner Trustee


                                    By:
                                    /s/ James P. Lawler
                                    Name: James P. Lawler
                                    Title:   Vice President



------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT A


FORM OF TRUST CERTIFICATE


SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS


THIS TRUST CERTIFICATE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR UNDER ANY 
STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAW.  THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THIS 
TRUST CERTIFICATE, AGREES THAT THIS TRUST CERTIFICATE MAY BE REOFFERED, 
RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS AND ONLY PURSUANT TO RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144A) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR THAT 
THE HOLDER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF RULE 144A (A QIB), PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR A QIB 
PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QIB, IN EACH CASE WHOM THE HOLDER HAS 
INFORMED THAT THE REOFFER, RESALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS BEING MADE 
IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A SUBJECT TO THE RECEIPT BY THE OWNER TRUSTEE AND 
THE TRANSFEROR OF A LETTER SUBSTANTIALLY IN THE FORM PROVIDED IN THE TRUST 
AGREEMENT AND THE RECEIPT BY THE OWNER TRUSTEE AND THE TRANSFEROR OF SUCH 
OTHER EVIDENCE ACCEPTABLE TO THE OWNER TRUSTEE AND THE TRANSFEROR THAT SUCH 
REOFFER, RESALE, PLEDGE OR TRANSFER IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS OR IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY 
STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.  THIS 
TRUST CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE PURCHASED OR HELD WITH PLAN ASSETS OF ANY 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN WHICH IS SUBJECT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF TITLE I OF 
THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED, OR ANY 
PLAN COVERED BY SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED (EACH A BENEFIT PLAN).  BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS TRUST CERTIFICATE 
OR AN INTEREST THEREIN, THE HOLDER HEREOF SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND 
WARRANT THAT ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
FOREGOING RESTRICTION ON BENEFIT PLAN ASSETS.


THIS TRUST CERTIFICATE IS NOT TRANSFERABLE UNLESS THE PARTY TRANSFERRING 
THIS TRUST CERTIFICATE (EXCEPTING TRANSFERS BY THE INITIAL PURCHASER) 
DELIVERS TO THE OWNER TRUSTEE, THE TRANSFEROR, AND THE BANK OF NEW YORK 
(DELAWARE), AS TRUSTEE OF FINANCIAL SERVICES VEHICLE TRUST (THE VEHICLE 
TRUST), AN OPINION OF COUNSEL STATING THE CIRCUMSTANCES AND CONDITIONS 
UPON WHICH THIS TRUST CERTIFICATE MAY BE TRANSFERRED AND THAT SUCH TRANSFER 
AS DESCRIBED THEREIN WILL NOT CAUSE EITHER THE ISSUER OR THE VEHICLE TRUST 
TO BE CLASSIFIED AS AN ASSOCIATION (OR A PUBLICLY TRADED PARTNERSHIP) 
TAXABLE AS A CORPORATION FOR FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES.  


THIS TRUST CERTIFICATE IS NOT TRANSFERABLE EXCEPT IN THE EVENT OF THE 
DISSOLUTION, TERMINATION OR BANKRUPTCY OF BMW AUTO LEASING LLC WHEN IT IS 
HOLDER HEREOF, AND ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THIS PROVISION SHALL BE 
NULL AND VOID.


BMW VEHICLE LEASE TRUST 2007-1


ASSET BACKED CERTIFICATE


evidencing a beneficial interest in the Issuer, as defined below, the 
property of which includes, among other things, the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate 
(transferred pursuant to the Issuer SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement), 
evidencing a beneficial interest in the 2007-1 SUBI Assets.  The property 
of the Issuer has been pledged to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the 
Indenture to secure the payment of the Notes issued thereunder.


This Trust Certificate does not represent an interest in or obligation of 
the Transferor, BMW Financial Services NA, LLC, the Owner Trustee, any 
Paying Agent or any of their respective Affiliates, except to the extent 
described below.



NUMBER
Percentage Interest: ____%
R-_____


CUSIP NO. ______



This certifies that BMW AUTO LEASING LLC is the registered owner of a 100% 
Certificate Percentage Interest that is nonassessable, fully-paid, 
beneficial ownership interest in certain distributions of BMW Vehicle Lease 
Trust [___]-[_] (the Issuer) formed by BMW Auto Leasing LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company (the Transferor).


The Issuer was created pursuant to a trust agreement, as amended and 
restated as of [___________] (the Trust Agreement), between the 
Transferor and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (the Owner Trustee), 
a summary of certain of the pertinent provisions of which is set forth 
below.  Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall 
have the meanings assigned thereto in the Trust Agreement.


This Trust Certificate is one of the duly authorized Trust Certificates 
designated as Asset Backed Certificates (the Trust Certificates).  Also 
issued under an indenture, dated as of [___________] (the Indenture), 
between the Issuer and [______________], as trustee (the Indenture 
Trustee), are the [   ]% Notes.  This Trust Certificate is issued under 
and is subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Trust 
Agreement, to which Trust Agreement the holder of this Trust Certificate by 
virtue of the acceptance hereof assents and by which such Trust 
Certificateholder is bound.  The property of the Issuer primarily includes, 
among other things, (i) the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate (transferred pursuant 
to the Issuer SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement), evidencing a 100% 
beneficial interest in the 2007-1 SUBI Assets, (ii) the security interest 
of the Issuer in the Reserve Fund Property and (iii) all proceeds of the 
foregoing.  The rights of the Issuer in the foregoing property have been 
pledged by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee to secure the payment of the 
Notes.


The Trust Certificates represent obligations of the Issuer only and do not 
represent interests in, recourse to or obligations of the Transferor, the 
UTI Beneficiaries, the Owner Trustee any Paying Agent or any of their 
respective Affiliates.


Under the Trust Agreement, there will be distributed on the 15th of each 
month (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next Business Day), 
commencing on November 15, 2007 (each, a Payment Date), and ending no 
later than [___________], to the Person in whose name this Trust 
Certificate is registered at the close of business on the day preceding 
each Payment Date (each, a Record Date) such Trust Certificateholders 
percentage interest in the amount to be distributed with respect to the 
Trust Certificates on such Payment Date and any remaining amounts shall be 
distributed to the Transferor as holder of the Trust Certificate pursuant 
to the terms of the Basic Documents.


The holder of this Trust Certificate acknowledges and agrees that its 
rights to receive payments in respect of this Trust Certificate are 
subordinated to the rights of the Noteholders as described in the 
Indenture.


It is the intent of the Transferor and Trust Certificateholders that the 
Trust Certificates be treated as equity of the Issuer for purposes of 
federal income tax or State income and franchise taxes.  If the Issuer is 
characterized as a separate entity for federal income tax purposes, it is 
the intention of the parties to the Trust Agreement that it qualify as a 
partnership for such purposes and the Trust Certificateholders will be 
treated as partners in that partnership.  The Transferor and the other 
Trust Certificateholders, by acceptance of a Trust Certificate, agree to 
take no action inconsistent with such tax treatment of the Trust 
Certificates.


Each Trust Certificateholder by accepting a Trust Certificate, covenants 
and agrees that prior to the date that is one year and one day after the 
date upon which all obligations and payments under the related transaction 
documents have been paid in full, they will not institute against, or join 
in any institution against the UTI Beneficiary, the Vehicle Trustee, the 
Vehicle Trust, the Transferor, the Issuer, any other Affiliate or any 
beneficiary, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or 
liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any United States federal 
or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations 
relating to the Notes, the Trust Certificates or any of the related 
transaction documents.


Distributions on this Trust Certificate will be made as provided in the 
Trust Agreement by or on behalf of the Owner Trustee by wire transfer or by 
check mailed to the Trust Certificateholder of record in the Certificate 
Register without the presentation or surrender of this Trust Certificate or 
the making of any notation hereon.  Except as otherwise provided in the 
Trust Agreement and notwithstanding the above, the final payment on this 
Trust Certificate will be made after due notice by the Owner Trustee of the 
pendency of such payment and only upon presentation and surrender of this 
Trust Certificate at the office or agency maintained for the purpose by the 
Owner Trustee in The City of New York.


Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Trust 
Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall 
for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.


Unless the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been executed by 
an authorized officer of the Owner Trustee, by manual signature, this Trust 
Certificate shall not entitle the holder hereof to any benefit under the 
Trust Agreement or be valid for any purpose.


THIS TRUST CERTIFICATE SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF 
THE STATE OF DELAWARE, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICTS OF LAW 
PROVISIONS, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES 
HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.




------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Issuer and not in 
its individual capacity, has caused this Trust Certificate to be duly 
executed.


Dated:  ________________________


 

BMW VEHICLE LEASE TRUST 2007-1


 

 

By:
Wilmington Trust Company,
   not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee
                           

 

 

By:
________________________
Name:
Title:

 

 

 





------------------------------------------------------------------------

OWNER TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION


This is one of the Trust Certificates referred to in the within-mentioned 
Trust Agreement.


      Wilmington Trust Company,
    as Owner Trustee

 

 

By:
____________________


 

 

 

 

 


[Reverse of Trust Certificate]


The Trust Certificates do not represent an obligation of or an interest in 
the Transferor, the Servicer, the Owner Trustee or any of their respective 
Affiliates, and no recourse may be had against such parties or their 
assets, except as may be expressly set forth or contemplated herein or in 
the Trust Agreement or the other Basic Documents.  In addition, this Trust 
Certificate is not guaranteed by any governmental agency or instrumentality 
and is limited in right of payment to certain collections and recoveries 
and certain other amounts respecting the assets of the Issuer, all as more 
specifically set forth in the Indenture.  The Transferor will furnish, upon 
the request of any holder of a Trust Certificate, such information as is 
specified in paragraph (d)(4) of Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended, with respect to the Issuer.


The Trust Agreement may be amended by the Transferor and the Owner Trustee, 
in some cases without the consent of any of the Securityholders in the 
manner set forth therein, and any such amendment will bind each holder and 
transferee of the certificates.


As provided in the Trust Agreement, and if the Transferor delivers an 
Opinion of Counsel that the Trust Certificates are transferable in 
accordance with the terms set forth therein, which opinion the Transferor 
has not determined can be given under the Internal Revenue Code and 
existing and proposed regulations thereunder, the transfer of this Trust 
Certificate is registerable in the Certificate Register upon surrender of 
this Trust Certificate for registration of transfer at the offices or 
agencies of the Certificate Registrar maintained by the Owner Trustee in 
the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, accompanied by a written 
instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Owner Trustee and the 
Certificate Registrar duly executed by the Trust Certificateholder hereof 
or such Trust Certificateholders attorney duly authorized in writing, and 
thereupon one or more new Trust Certificates of the same class and in 
authorized denominations evidencing the same aggregate interest in the 
Issuer will be issued to the designated transferee.  The initial 
Certificate Registrar appointed under the Trust Agreement is Wilmington 
Trust Company.


The Trust Certificates are issuable only as registered Trust Certificates 
without coupons in minimum denominations of $500,000 or integral multiples 
of $1,000 in excess thereof.  As provided in the Trust Agreement and 
subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Trust Certificates are 
exchangeable for new Trust Certificates of authorized denominations 
evidencing the same aggregate denomination, as requested by the Holder 
surrendering the same.  No service charge will be made for any such 
registration of transfer or exchange, but the Owner Trustee or the 
Certificate Registrar may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
tax or governmental charge payable in connection therewith.


The Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar and any agent of the Owner 
Trustee or the Certificate Registrar may treat the Person in whose name 
this Trust Certificate is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, 
and none of the Owner Trustee, the Certificate Registrar or any such agent 
shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.


The obligations and responsibilities created by the Trust Agreement and the 
trust created thereby shall terminate upon the payment to Trust 
Certificateholders of all amounts required to be paid to them pursuant to 
the Trust Agreement and the Indenture and the disposition of all property 
held as part of the Owner Trust Estate.


Any prospective transferee of a Trust Certificate will be required to 
deliver a letter to the Transferor, the Certificate Registrar and the 
Underwriter substantially in the form of Exhibit C to the Trust Agreement, 
which letter includes a representation that such prospective transferee is 
not a Benefit Plan Investor.  The Trust Certificates may not be 
transferred, sold, pledged or otherwise disposed to or for the account of a 
Benefit Plan Investor.


The Trust Certificates may not be acquired by a Benefit Plan.  By accepting 
and holding this Trust Certificate, the holder hereof shall be deemed to 
have represented and warranted that it is not a Benefit Plan and is not 
acquiring this Trust Certificate or an interest therein for the account of 
a Benefit Plan.


ASSIGNMENT


FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers 
unto
______________________________________________________________________________
PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE
______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________
(Please print or type name and address, including postal zip code, of 
assignee)


            the within Trust Certificate, and all rights thereunder, hereby
            irrevocably constituting and appointing
            ______________________________ attorney to transfer said Trust
            Certificate on the books of the Certificate Registrar, with
            full power of substitution in the premises.


            Dated:  ___________________


*
Signature Guaranteed:
*


   *
   NOTICE:  The signatures(s) on this Assignment must correspond with the
   name(s) as written on the face of the within Trust Certificate in every
   particular without alteration, enlargement or any change whatsoever. 
   Such signature must be guaranteed by a member firm of the New York Stock
   Exchange or a commercial bank or trust company.



------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT B


FORM OF RULE 144A CERTIFICATE


                                          Dated:


BMW Auto Leasing LLC
c/o BMW Financial Services NA, LLC
  its Managing Member
300 Chestnut Ridge Road
Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey  07677

Wilmington Trust Company,
  as Owner Trustee
Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1600

Citibank, N.A.
  as Certificate Registrar
388 Greenwich Street, 14th Floor
New York, NY 10013


Ladies and Gentlemen:


This is to notify you as to the transfer of $____________ initial principal 
balance of Asset Backed Certificates (the Trust Certificates) of BMW 
Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1 (the Issuer).


The undersigned is the holder of the Trust Certificates and with this 
notice hereby deposits with the Owner Trustee $____________ initial 
principal balance of Trust Certificates and requests that Trust 
Certificates in the same initial principal balance be issued, executed and 
authenticated and registered to the purchaser on ____________, as specified 
in the Trust Agreement, as follows:


Name:


Denominations:


Address:


 

Taxpayer I.D. No:


 

The undersigned represents and warrants that the undersigned (a) reasonably 
believes the purchaser is a qualified institutional buyer, as defined in 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), (b) 
such purchaser has acquired the Trust Certificates in a transaction 
effected in accordance with the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Act provided by Rule 144A and (c) if the purchaser has 
purchased the Trust Certificates for one or more accounts for which it is 
acting as fiduciary or agent, (i) each such account is a qualified 
institutional buyer and (ii) the purchaser is acquiring Trust Certificates 
for its own account or for one or more institutional accounts for which it 
is acting as fiduciary or agent in a minimum amount equivalent to not less 
than $500,000 for each such account.


Very truly yours,
                                       _____________________________________


                                            By:
                                            _________________________________
                                                Name:
                                                Title:



------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT C


FORM OF INVESTMENT LETTER


QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER


                                          Dated:


Wilmington Trust Company,
  as Owner Trustee
Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1600

Citibank, N.A.
  as Indenture Trustee
388 Greenwich Street, 14th Floor
New York, NY 10013

J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.
  as Representative
270 Park Avenue, 10th Floor
New York, NY 10017

BMW Auto Leasing LLC
c/o BMW Financial Services NA, LLC
  its Managing Member
300 Chestnut Ridge Road
Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey  07677

Ladies and Gentlemen:


In connection with our proposed purchase of the [___]% Certificate 
Percentage Interest Asset-Backed Certificates (the Certificates) 
representing an undivided interest in the BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1 
(the Trust), the investor on whose behalf the undersigned is executing 
this letter (the Purchaser) confirms that:


1.
The Purchaser has relied upon its own tax, legal and financial advisors in 
connection with its decision to purchase the Certificates.


2.
The Purchaser is (A) a Qualified Institutional Buyer (as defined in Rule 
144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act)) and has 
delivered to you a certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as 
Annex I or Annex 2, as applicable and (B) acquiring the Certificates for 
its own account or for the account of an investor of the type described in 
clause (A) above as to each of which the Purchaser exercises sole 
investment discretion.  The Purchaser is purchasing the Certificates for 
investment purposes and not with a view to, or for, the offer or sale in 
connection with, a public distribution or in any other manner that would 
violate the 1933 Act or the securities or blue sky laws of any state.


3.
The Purchaser understands that the Certificates have not been and will not 
be registered under the 1933 Act or under the securities or blue sky laws 
of any state, and that (i) if it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer any Certificate, such Certificate may be resold, pledged or 
transferred without registration only to an entity that has delivered to 
the Transferor and the Owner Trustee a certification that it is a Qualified 
Institutional Buyer that purchases (1) for its own account or (2) for the 
account of such a Qualified Institutional Buyer, that is, in either case, 
aware that the resale, pledge or transfer is being made in reliance on said 
Rule 144A and (ii) it will, and each subsequent holder will be required to, 
notify any purchaser of any Certificate from it of the resale restrictions 
referred to in clause (i) above.


4.
The Purchaser understands that each of Certificate will bear a legend to 
the following effect, unless otherwise agreed by the Transferor and the 
Owner Trustee:


            THIS CERTIFICATE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER
            THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
            OR UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAW.  THE HOLDER
            HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THIS CERTIFICATE, AGREES THAT THIS
            CERTIFICATE MAY BE REOFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE
            TRANSFERRED ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND
            OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS AND ONLY PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE
            SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144A) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR THAT
            THE HOLDER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
            BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A (A QIB), PURCHASING FOR
            ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR A QIB PURCHASING FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QIB,
            WHOM THE HOLDER HAS INFORMED, IN EACH CASE, THAT THE REOFFER,
            RESALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON
            RULE 144A AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS
            OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE
            JURISDICTION.  THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE PURCHASED OR HELD
            WITH PLAN ASSETS OF ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN WHICH IS
            SUBJECT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF TITLE I OF THE EMPLOYEE
            RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED, OR ANY PLAN
            COVERED BY SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986,
            AS AMENDED (EACH, A BENEFIT PLAN).  BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS
            CERTIFICATE OR AN INTEREST THEREIN, THE HOLDER HEREOF SHALL BE
            DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT ITS ACQUISITION AND
            HOLDING IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTION ON
            BENEFIT PLAN ASSETS.


            TRANSFERS OF THE CERTIFICATES MUST GENERALLY BE ACCOMPANIED BY
            APPROPRIATE TAX TRANSFER DOCUMENTATION AND ARE SUBJECT TO
            RESTRICTIONS AS PROVIDED IN THE TRUST AGREEMENT.


5.
The Purchaser will be the beneficial owner of the Trust Certificate and 
either (A) is not, and will not become, a partnership, Subchapter S 
corporation or grantor trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (B) is 
such an entity, but none of the direct or indirect beneficial owners of any 
of the interests in such transferee have allowed or caused, or will allow 
or cause, 50% or more (or such other percentage as the Transferor may 
establish prior to the time of such proposed transfer) of the value of such 
interests to be attributable to such transferees ownership of 
Certificates.


6.
The Purchaser understands that no subsequent transfer of the Certificates 
is permitted unless (A) such transfer is of a Certificate with a 
denomination of at least $500,000, (B) it causes its proposed transferee to 
provide to the Transferor, the Certificate Registrar and the Underwriter a 
letter substantially in the form of Exhibit C to the Trust Agreement, as 
applicable, or such other written statement as the Transferor shall 
prescribe and (C) the Transferor consents in writing to the proposed 
transfer, which consent shall be granted unless the Transferor determines 
that such transfer would create a risk that the Issuer or the Vehicle Trust 
would be classified for federal or any applicable state tax purposes as an 
association (or a publicly traded partnership) taxable as a corporation; 
provided, however, that any attempted transfer that would either cause (1) 
the number of registered holders of Certificates to exceed 100 or (2) the 
number of holders of direct or indirect interests in the Vehicle Trust to 
exceed 50, shall be a void transfer.


7.
The Purchaser understands that the opinion of counsel to the Issuer that 
the Issuer is not a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation is 
dependent in part on the accuracy of the representations in paragraphs 7, 8 
and 9 above.


8.
The Purchaser is a Person who is either (A)(1) a citizen or resident of the 
United States, (2) a corporation, partnership or other entity organized in 
or under the laws of the United States, any state or the District of 
Columbia or (3) a Person not described in (A)(1) or (2) whose ownership of 
the Certificates is effectively connected with such Persons conduct of a 
trade or business within the United States (within the meaning of the Code) 
and its ownership of any interest in a Certificate will not result in any 
withholding obligation with respect to any payments with respect to the 
Certificates by any Person (other than withholding, if any, under Section 
1446 of the Code) or (B) an estate the income of which is includible in 
gross income for federal income tax purposes regardless of source or a 
trust if the court within the United States is able to exercise primary 
supervision of the administration of the trust and one or more United 
States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of 
the trust.  It agrees that it will provide a certification of non-foreign 
status signed under penalty of perjury and, alternatively, that if it is a 
Person described in clause (A)(3) above, it will furnish to the Transferor 
and the Owner Trustee a properly executed IRS Form W-8ECI and a new IRS 
Form W-8ECI upon the expiration or obsolescence of any previously delivered 
form (and such other certifications, representations or Opinions of Counsel 
as may be requested by the Transferor and the Owner Trustee).


9.
The Purchaser agrees that if at some time in the future it wishes to 
transfer or exchange any of the Certificates, it will not transfer or 
exchange any of the Certificates unless such transfer or exchange is in 
accordance with Section 3.04 of the Trust Agreement.  The Purchaser 
understands that any purported transfer of the Certificates (or any 
interest therein) in contravention of any of the restrictions and 
conditions in the Trust Agreement, as applicable, shall be a void, and the 
purported transferee in such transfer shall not be recognized by the Issuer 
or any other Person as a Certificateholder, as the case may, be for any 
purpose.


10.
The Purchaser hereby irrevocably requests you to arrange for definitive 
Certificates representing the Certificates purchased by the Purchaser to be 
registered and delivered promptly after the Closing Date as follows:


Principal Amount
of Definitive Certificate:

 

Registered in
Name of:

 

Deliver Definitive
Certificate to:
                                            



 

                         



 

                                              



                                            



 

                         



 

                                              



                                            



 

                         



 

                                              






------------------------------------------------------------------------

You and the Owner Trustee are entitled to rely upon this letter and are 
irrevocably authorized to produce this letter or a copy hereof to any 
interested party in any administrative or legal proceeding or official 
inquiry with respect to the matters covered hereby.


                                    Very truly yours,



                                    By:
                                    ____________________________________
                                    Name:
                                    Title:


                                    [Medallion Stamp to be affixed here]




------------------------------------------------------------------------

ANNEX 1 TO EXHIBIT C


QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER STATUS UNDER SEC RULE 144A


[For Transferees Other Than Registered Investment Companies]


The undersigned (the Purchaser) hereby certifies as follows to the 
addressees of the Rule 144A Representation Letter to which this 
certification is attached with respect to the Certificate described 
therein:


      (i)
      As indicated below, the undersigned is the President, Chief Financial
      Officer, Senior Vice President or other executive officer of the
      Purchaser.


      (ii)
      In connection with purchases by the Purchaser, the Purchaser is a
      qualified institutional buyer as that term is defined in Rule 144A
      (Rule 144A) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, because
      (i) the Purchaser owned and/or invested on a discretionary basis
      $__________ 1/ in securities (except for the excluded securities
      referred to below) as of the end of the Purchasers most recent
      fiscal year (such amount being calculated in accordance with Rule
      144A) and (ii) the Purchaser satisfies the criteria in the category
      marked below.


                  ___
                  Corporation, etc.  The Purchaser is a corporation (other
                  than a bank, savings and loan association or similar
                  institution), Massachusetts or similar statutory trust,
                  partnership, or charitable organization described in
                  Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
                  as amended.


                  ___
                  Bank.  The Purchaser (a) is a national bank or banking
                  institution organized under the laws of any state,
                  territory or the District of Columbia, the business of
                  which is substantially confined to banking and is
                  supervised by the state or territorial banking commission
                  or similar official or is a foreign bank or equivalent
                  institution, and (b) has an audited net worth of at least
                  $25,000,000 as demonstrated in its latest annual
                  financial statements, a copy of which is attached hereto.


                  ___
                  Savings and Loan.  The Purchaser (a) is a savings and
                  loan association, building and loan association,
                  cooperative bank, homestead association or similar
                  institution, which is supervised and examined by a state
                  or federal authority having supervision over any such
                  institutions or is a foreign savings and loan association
                  or equivalent institution and (b) has an audited net
                  worth of at least $25,000,000 as demonstrated in its
                  latest annual financial statements, a copy of which is
                  attached hereto.


___________________________
1/ Purchaser must own and/or invest on a discretionary basis at least 
$100,000,000 in securities unless Purchaser is a dealer, and, in that case, 
Purchaser must own and/or invest on a discretionary basis at least 
$10,000,000 in securities.



------------------------------------------------------------------------


                  ___
                  Broker-dealer.  The Purchaser is a dealer registered
                  pursuant to Section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of
                  1934, as amended (the Exchange Act).


                  ___
                  Insurance Company.  The Purchaser is an insurance company
                  whose primary and predominant business activity is the
                  writing of insurance or the reinsuring of risks
                  underwritten by insurance companies and which is subject
                  to supervision by the insurance commissioner or a similar
                  official or agency of a state, territory or the District
                  of Columbia.


                  ___
                  State or Local Plan.  The Purchaser is a plan established
                  and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or
                  any agency or instrumentality of the state or its
                  political subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees.


                  ___
                  ERISA Plan.  The Purchaser is an employee benefit plan
                  within the meaning of Title I of the Employee Retirement
                  Income Security Act of 1974.


                  ___
                  Investment Advisor.  The Purchaser is an investment
                  advisor registered under the Investment Advisors Act of
                  1940.


                  ___
                  Small Business Investment Company.  The Purchaser is a
                  small business investment company licensed by the U.S.
                  Small Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d)
                  of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958.


                  ___
                  Business Development Company.  The Purchaser is a
                  business development company as defined in Section
                  202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940.


                  ___
                  Trust Fund.  The Purchaser is a trust fund whose trustee
                  is a bank or trust company and whose participants are
                  exclusively state or local Plans or ERISA Plans as
                  defined above, and no participant of the Purchaser is an
                  individual retirement account or an H.R. 10 (Keogh) plan.


      (iii)
      The term securities as used herein does not include (i) securities
      of issuers that are affiliated with the Purchaser, (ii) securities
      that are part of an unsold allotment to or subscription by the
      Purchaser, if the Purchaser is a dealer, (iii) bank deposit notes and
      certificates of deposit, (iv) loan participations, (v) repurchase
      agreements, (vi) securities owned but subject to a repurchase
      agreement and (vii) currency, interest rate and commodity swaps.


      (iv)
      For purposes of determining the aggregate amount of securities owned
      and/or invested on a discretionary basis by the Purchaser, the
      Purchaser used the cost of such securities to the Purchaser and did
      not include any of the securities referred to in the preceding
      paragraph, except (i) where the Purchaser reports its securities
      holdings in its financial statements on the basis of their market
      value, and (ii) no current information with respect to the cost of
      those securities has been published.  If clause (ii) in the preceding
      sentence applies, the securities may be valued at their market value.
       Further, in determining such aggregate amount, the Purchaser may
      have included securities owned by subsidiaries of the Purchaser, but
      only if such subsidiaries are consolidated with the Purchaser in its
      financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles and if the investments of such subsidiaries are
      managed under the Purchasers direction.  However, such securities
      were not included if the Purchaser is a majority-owned, consolidated
      subsidiary of another enterprise and the Purchaser is not itself a
      reporting company under the Exchange Act.


      (v)
      The Purchaser acknowledges that it is familiar with Rule 144A and
      understands that the seller to it and other parties related to the
      Certificates are relying and will continue to rely on the statements
      made herein because one or more sales to the Purchaser may be in
      reliance on Rule 144A.


      (vi)
      Until the date of purchase of the Certificates, the Purchaser will
      notify each of the parties to which this certification is made of any
      changes in the information and conclusions herein.  Until such notice
      is given, the Purchasers purchase of the Certificates will
      constitute a reaffirmation of this certification as of the date of
      such purchase.  In addition, if the Purchaser is a bank or savings
      and loan is provided above, the Purchaser agrees that it will furnish
      to such parties updated annual financial statements promptly after
      they become available.


________________________________
Name of Purchaser


By:
__________________________
Name:
Title:


Dated:  __________________________




------------------------------------------------------------------------

ANNEX 2 TO EXHIBIT C


QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER STATUS UNDER SEC RULE 144A


[For Transferees That are Registered Investment Companies]


The undersigned (the Purchaser) hereby certifies as follows to the 
addressees of the Rule 144A Representation Letter to which this 
certification is attached with respect to the Certificate described 
therein:


      (i)
      As indicated below, the undersigned is the President, Chief Financial
      Officer or Senior Vice President of the Purchaser or, if the
      Purchaser is a qualified institutional buyer as that term is
      defined in Rule 144A (Rule 144A) under the Securities Act of 1933,
      as amended, because the Purchaser is part of a Family of Investment
      Companies (as defined below), is such an officer of the Adviser.


      (ii)
      In connection with purchases by the Purchaser, the Purchaser is a
      qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A because (i)
      the Purchaser is an investment company registered under the
      Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and (ii) as marked below,
      the Purchaser alone, or the Purchasers Family of Investment
      Companies, owned at least $100,000,000 in securities (other than the
      excluded securities referred to below) as of the end of the
      Purchasers most recent fiscal year.  For purposes of determining the
      amount of securities owned by the Purchaser or the Purchasers Family
      of Investment Companies, the cost of such securities was used, except
      (i) where the Purchaser or the Purchasers Family of Investment
      Companies reports its securities holdings in its financial statements
      on the basis of their market value, and (ii) no current information
      with respect to the cost of those securities has been published.  If
      clause (ii) in the preceding sentence applies, the securities may be
      valued at market.


                  ___
                  The Purchaser owned $__________ in securities (other than
                  the excluded securities referred to below) as of the end
                  of the Purchasers most recent fiscal year (such amount
                  being calculated in accordance with Rule 144A).


                  ___
                  The Purchaser is part of a Family of Investment Companies
                  which owned in the aggregate $__________ in securities
                  (other than the excluded securities referred to below) as
                  of the end of the Purchasers most recent fiscal year
                  (such amount being calculated in accordance with Rule
                  144A).


      (iii)
      The term Family of Investment Companies as used herein means two or
      more registered investment companies (or series thereof) that have
      the same investment adviser or investment advisers that are
      affiliated (by virtue of being majority owned subsidiaries of the
      same parent or because one investment adviser is a majority owned
      subsidiary of the other).


      (iv)
      The term securities as used herein does not include (i) securities
      of issuers that are affiliated with the Purchaser or are part of the
      Purchasers Family of Investment Companies, (ii) bank deposit notes
      and certificates of deposit, (iii) loan participations, (iv)
      repurchase agreements, (v) securities owned but subject to a
      repurchase agreement and (vi) currency, interest rate and commodity
      swaps.


      (v)
      The Purchaser is familiar with Rule 144A and understands that the
      parties listed in the Rule 144A Representation Letter to which this
      certification relates are relying and will continue to rely on the
      statements made herein because one or more sales to the Purchaser
      will be in reliance on Rule 144A.  In addition, the Purchaser will
      only purchase for the Purchasers own account.


      (vi)
      Until the date of purchase of the Transferor Certificate, the
      undersigned will notify the parties listed in the Rule 144A
      Transferee Certificate to which this certification relates of any
      changes in the information and conclusions herein.  Until such notice
      is given, the Purchasers purchase of the Certificates will
      constitute a reaffirmation of this certification by the undersigned
      as of the date of such purchase.


______________________________
Name of Purchaser or Advisor

By:
________________________
      Name:
      Title:

IF AN ADVISOR:

_______________________________
Name of Purchaser or Advisor

Dated:  _________________________



