 EX-10.9 3 ex10_9.htm EXHIBIT 10.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.9
 
NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON ITS CONVERSION HAVE BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “ACT”).  THE 
SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN 
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT, OR AN 
OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM, SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE CUSTOMARY FOR OPINIONS OF 
COUNSEL IN COMPARABLE TRANSACTIONS THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER 
SAID ACT OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID 
ACT.
 
 
CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE
 
Houston, Texas
September 14, 2006  	
 $100,000
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, EXOBOX TECHNOLOGIES CORP., a Nevada corporation 
(hereinafter called the “Borrower”), hereby promises to pay to the order of 
Manillo Investors, Ltd. or registered assigns (the “Holder”) the sum of One 
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000), on January 1, 2007 (the “Maturity Date
”), and to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof at the rate 
of ten percent (10%) per annum from the date hereof the “Issue Date”) until 
the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration 
or by prepayment or otherwise.  Any amount of principal or interest on this 
Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of fifteen 
percent (15%) per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid (“
Default Interest”).  Interest shall commence accruing on the issue date, 
shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of 
days elapsed and shall be payable, at the option of the Holder, either at 
maturity or at the time of conversion of the principal to which such 
interest relates in accordance with Article I below.  All payments due 
hereunder (to the extent not converted into Series C preferred stock, $.001 
par value per share, of the Borrower (the “Preferred Stock”) in accordance 
with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States 
of America or, at the option of the Borrower, in whole or in part, in 
shares of Preferred Stock of the Borrower at the then applicable Conversion 
Rate (as defined herein). All payments shall be made at such address as the 
Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in 
accordance with the provisions of this Note.  Whenever any amount expressed 
to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a 
business day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day 
which is a business day and, in the case of any interest payment date which 
is not the date on which this Note is paid in full, the extension of the 
due date thereof shall not be taken into account for purposes of 
determining the amount of interest due on such date.  As used in this Note, 
the term “business day” shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which commercial banks in the city of Houston, Texas are 
authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed.

1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with 
respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights 
or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose 
personal liability upon the holder thereof.  The obligations of the 
Borrower under this Note shall be secured by that certain Security 
Agreement dated by and between the Borrower and the Holder of even date 
herewith.
 
The terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of 
September 20, 2005 by and among the Borrower and the Purchasers (as defined 
therein) are incorporated herein by reference (the Securities Purchase 
Agreement and the exhibits thereto are referred to herein collectively as 
the “Purchase Agreement”).  Terms not defined herein shall have the 
meanings ascribed to them in the Purchase Agreement
 
The following terms shall apply to this Note:
 
 
ARTICLE I. CONVERSION RIGHTS
 
1.1     Conversion Right.  Provided that, and only to the extent that, the 
Borrower has a sufficient number of shares of authorized but unissued and 
unreserved shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (“Preferred 
Stock”) available to issue upon conversion, the Holder shall have the right 
from time to time,on the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the date 
of payment of the Default Amount (as defined in Article III) pursuant to 
Section 1.6(a) or Article III, the Optional Prepayment Amount (as defined 
in Section 5.1 or any payments pursuant to Section 1.7, each in respect of 
the remaining outstanding principal amount of this Note to convert all or 
any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this Note into 
fully paid and non-assessable shares of Preferred Stock as such Preferred 
Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other 
securities of the Borrower into which such Preferred Stock shall hereafter 
be changed or reclassified at the conversion rate (the “Conversion Rate”) 
determined as provided herein (a “Conversion”).  The number of shares of 
Preferred Stock to be issued upon each conversion of this Note shall be the 
pro rata part of the total number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of 
Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of the original principal hereof 
based upon the Conversion Rate.  In the event the Conversion Amount (as 
defined below) is more that the original principal of this Note, the number 
of shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion shall be increased 
ratably. The term “Conversion Amount” means, with respect to any conversion 
of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be 
converted in such conversion plus (2) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, 
on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in this Note to the 
Conversion Date plus (3) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred 
to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the 
Holder’s option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 
and 1.4(g) hereof.
 
1.2     Conversion Rate.
 
(a)    Calculation of Conversion Rate.
 
           The Conversion Rate shall be 4,000 shares of Preferred Stock.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.3     Authorized Shares.  The Borrower covenants that during the period 
the conversion right exists, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized 
and unissued Preferred Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from 
preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Preferred Stock upon the 
full conversion of this Note and the other securities issued pursuant to 
the Purchase Agreement.  The Borrower is required at all times to have 
authorized and reserved one and one-quarter times the number of shares that 
is actually issuable upon full conversion of this note (based on the 
Conversion Rate of this note in effect from time to time) (the “Reserved 
Amount”).  The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be 
duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and a binding 
obligation of the Borrower.  In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any 
securities or make any change to its capital structure which would change 
the number of shares of Preferred Stock into which this note shall be 
convertible at the then current Conversion Rate, the Borrower shall at the 
same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a 
sufficient number of shares of Preferred Stock authorized and reserved, 
free from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Note.  The 
Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer 
agent to issue certificates for the Preferred Stock issuable upon 
conversion of this Note, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note 
shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged 
with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the 
necessary certificates for shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of this Note.
 
If, at any time a Holder of this Note submits a Notice of Conversion, and 
the Borrower does not have sufficient authorized but unissued shares of 
Preferred Stock available to effect such conversion in accordance with the 
provisions of this Article I (a “Conversion Default”), subject to Section 
4.8, the Borrower shall issue to the Holder all of the shares of Preferred 
Stock which are then available to effect such conversion.  The portion of 
this Note which the Holder included in its Conversion Notice and which 
exceeds the amount which is then convertible into available shares of 
Preferred Stock (the “Excess Amount”) shall, notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary contained herein, not be convertible into Preferred Stock in 
accordance with the terms hereof until (and at the Holder’s option at any 
time after) the date additional shares of Preferred Stock are authorized by 
the Borrower to permit such conversion, at which time the Conversion Rate 
in respect thereof shall be the lesser of (i) the Conversion Rate on the 
Conversion Default Date (as defined below) and (ii) the Conversion Rate on 
the Conversion Date thereafter elected by the Holder in respect thereof.  
In addition, the Borrower shall pay to the Holder payments (“Conversion 
Default Payments”) for a Conversion Default in the amount of (x) the sum of 
(1) the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (2) accrued and 
unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note through the 
Authorization Date (as defined below) plus (3) Default Interest, if any, on 
the amounts referred to in clauses (1) and/or (2), multiplied by (y) .24, 
multiplied by (z) (N/365), where N = the number of days from the day the 
holder submits a Notice of Conversion giving rise to a Conversion Default 
(the “Conversion Default Date”) to the date (the “Authorization Date”) that 
the Borrower authorizes a sufficient number of shares of Preferred Stock to 
effect conversion of the full outstanding principal balance of this Note.  
The Borrower shall use its best efforts to authorize a sufficient number of 
shares of Preferred Stock as soon as practicable following the earlier of 
(i) such time that the Holder notifies the Borrower or that the Borrower 
otherwise becomes aware that there are or likely will be insufficient 
authorized and unissued shares to allow full conversion thereof and (ii) a 
Conversion Default.  The Borrower shall send notice to the Holder of the 
authorization of additional shares of Preferred Stock, the Authorization 
Date and the amount of Holder’s accrued Conversion Default Payments.  The 
accrued Conversion Default Payments for each calendar month shall be paid 
in cash or shall be convertible into Preferred Stock (at such time as there 
are sufficient authorized shares of Preferred Stock) at the applicable 
Conversion Rate, at the Holder’s option, as follows:
 

3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(a)    In the event Holder elects to take such payment in cash, cash 
payment shall be made to Holder by the fifth (5th) day of the month 
following the month in which it has accrued; and
 
(b)    In the event Holder elects to take such payment in Preferred Stock, 
the Holder may convert such payment amount into Preferred Stock at the 
Conversion Rate (as in effect at the time of conversion) at any time after 
the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued in 
accordance with the terms of this Article I (so long as there is then a 
sufficient number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock).
 
The Holder’s election shall be made in writing to the Borrower at any time 
prior to 6:00 p.m., Houston, Texas time, on the third day of the month 
following the month in which Conversion Default payments have accrued.  If 
no election is made, the Holder shall be deemed to have elected to receive 
cash.  Nothing herein shall limit the Holder’s right to pursue actual 
damages (to the extent in excess of the Conversion Default Payments) for 
the Borrower’s failure to maintain a sufficient number of authorized shares 
of Preferred Stock, and each holder shall have the right to pursue all 
remedies available at law or in equity (including degree of specific 
performance and/or injunctive relief).
 
1.4     Method of Conversion.
 
(a)    Mechanics of Conversion.  Subject to Section 1.1, this Note may be 
converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time 
after the Issue Date, by (A) submitting to the Borrower a notice of 
conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Notice of 
Conversion”) by facsimile or other reasonable means of communication 
dispatched prior to 6:00 p.m., Houston, Texas time (“Conversion Date”) and 
(B) subject to Section 1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal 
office of the Borrower.
 
(b)    Surrender of Note Upon Conversion.  Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with 
the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender 
this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this 
Note is so converted.  The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records 
showing the principal amount so converted and the dates of such conversions 
or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and 
the Borrower, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon 
each such conversion.  In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such 
records of the Borrower shall be controlling and determinative in the 
absence of manifest error.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion 
of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this 
Note unless the Holder first physically surrenders this Note to the 
Borrower, whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the 
order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Holder 
(upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, 
representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid principal amount of this 
Note.  The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge 
and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following 
conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal 
amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less than the amount 
stated on the face hereof.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c)    Payment of Taxes.  The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax 
which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue and 
delivery of shares of Preferred Stock or other securities or property on 
conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder (or in 
street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver 
any such shares or other securities or property unless and until the person 
or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name 
such shares are to be held for the Holder’s account) requesting the 
issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax 
or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax 
has been paid.
 
(d)    Delivery of Preferred Stock Upon Conversion.  Upon receipt by the 
Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission (or other reasonable 
means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements 
for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue 
and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the 
Holder certificates for the Preferred Stock issuable upon such conversion 
within five (5) business days after such receipt (and, solely in the case 
of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of 
this Note) (such fifth business day being hereinafter referred to as the “
Deadline”) in accordance with the terms hereof and the Purchase Agreement.
 
(e)    Obligation of Borrower to Deliver Preferred Stock.  Upon receipt by 
the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be 
the holder of record of the Preferred Stock issuable upon such conversion, 
the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid 
interest on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, 
unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all 
rights with respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall 
forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Preferred Stock or 
other securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such 
conversion.  If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as 
provided herein, the Borrower’s obligation to issue and deliver the 
certificates for Preferred Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, 
irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the 
same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the 
recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the 
same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of 
the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, 
recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by 
the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other 
circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to 
the Holder in connection with such conversion.  The Conversion Date 
specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long 
as the Notice of Conversion is received by the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., 
Houston, Texas time, on such date.
 
(f)    Failure to Deliver Preferred Stock Prior to Deadline.  Without in 
any way limiting the Holder’s right to pursue other remedies, including 
actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery 
of the Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note is more than 
two (2) days after the Deadline because of the fault of Borrower (other 
than a failure due to the circumstances described in Section 1.3 above, 
which failure shall be governed by such Section) the Borrower shall pay to 
the Holder $2,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that 
the Borrower fails to deliver such Preferred Stock.  Such cash amount shall 
be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in 
which it has accrued or, at the option of the Holder (by written notice to 
the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it 
has accrued), shall be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which 
event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this 
Note and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into 
Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.5     Concerning the Shares.  The shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon 
conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless  (i) such 
shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 
Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished 
with an opinion of  counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and 
scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the 
effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred 
pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are 
sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor 
rule) (“Rule 144”) or (iv) such shares are transferred to an “affiliate” 
(as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise 
transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an 
Accredited Investor (as defined in Section 6(b) of the Purchase Agreement). 
 Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject to the 
removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the shares of 
Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note have been registered 
under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any 
restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can 
then be immediately sold, each certificate for shares of Preferred Stock 
issuable upon conversion of this Note that has not been so included in an 
effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an 
effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of 
the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as 
appropriate:
 
    “NEITHER THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE
    SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON THEIR CONVERSION HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
    THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED.  THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE
    SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE
    REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT, OR AN OPINION
    OF COUNSEL IN FORM, SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE CUSTOMARY FOR OPINIONS OF
    COUNSEL IN COMPARABLE TRANSACTIONS, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED
    UNDER SAID ACT UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR REGULATION S UNDER
    SAID ACT.”
 
The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Borrower shall issue to 
the Holder a new certificate therefor free of any transfer legend if (i) 
the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of 
counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in 
comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of 
such Preferred Stock may be made without registration under the Act and the 
shares are so sold or transferred, (ii) such Holder provides the Borrower 
or its transfer agent with reasonable assurances that the Preferred Stock 
issuable upon conversion of this Note (to the extent such securities are 
deemed to have been acquired on the same date) can be sold pursuant to Rule 
144 or (iii) in the case of the Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of 
this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an 
effective registration statement filed under the Act or otherwise may be 
sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of 
securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold.  
Nothing in this Note shall affect in any way the Holder’s obligations to 
comply with applicable prospectus delivery requirements upon the resale of 
the securities referred to herein.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.6     Effect of Certain Events.
 
(a)    Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc.  At the option of the Holder, 
the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the 
assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction 
or series of related transactions in which more than 50% of the voting 
power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other 
business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as 
defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall 
either:  (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default (as defined in Article 
III) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder 
upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount 
equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III) or (ii) be treated 
pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof.  “Person” shall mean any individual, 
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or 
other entity or organization.
 
(b)    Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when 
this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of this 
note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, 
recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of 
which shares of Preferred Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the 
same or a different number of shares of another class or classes of stock 
or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or 
conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other 
than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, 
then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive 
upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and 
conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Preferred Stock 
immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or 
assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such 
transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such 
transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth 
herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with 
respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end 
that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for 
adjustment of the Conversion Rate and of the number of shares issuable upon 
conversion of this note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as may 
be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter 
deliverable upon the conversion hereof.  The Borrower shall not effect any 
transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to 
the extent practicable, thirty (30) days prior written notice (but in any 
event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date 
of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such 
record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of 
shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of 
assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this 
Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the 
Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Section 
1.6(b).  The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive 
consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c)    Adjustment Due to Distribution.  If the Borrower shall declare or 
make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to 
holders of Preferred Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of 
return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to 
the Borrower’s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) 
of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a “Distribution”), 
then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this 
Note after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such 
Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been 
payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Preferred Stock 
issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such 
shares of Preferred Stock on the record date for the determination of 
shareholders entitled to such Distribution.
 
(d)    Adjustment Due to Dilutive Issuance.  If, at any time when this Note 
is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues or sells, or in accordance 
with this Section 1.6(d) hereof is deemed to have issued or sold, any 
shares of Preferred Stock (a “Dilutive Issuance”), then immediately upon 
the Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion Rate will be adjusted in order to 
maintain the same Conversion Rate.
 
The Borrower shall be deemed to have issued or sold shares of Preferred 
Stock if the Borrower in any manner issues or grants any warrants, rights 
or options, whether or not immediately exercisable, to subscribe for or to 
purchase Preferred Stock or other securities convertible into or 
exchangeable for Preferred Stock (“Convertible Securities”) (such warrants, 
rights and options to purchase Preferred Stock or Convertible Securities 
are hereinafter referred to as “Options”).  No further adjustment to the 
Conversion Rate will be made upon the actual issuance of such Preferred 
Stock upon the exercise of such Options or upon the conversion or exchange 
of Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of such Options.
 
Additionally, the Borrower shall be deemed to have issued or sold shares of 
Preferred Stock if the Borrower in any manner issues or sells any 
Convertible Securities, whether or not immediately convertible (other than 
where the same are issuable upon the exercise of Options).
 
No adjustment to the Conversion Rate will be made upon the exercise of any 
warrants, options or convertible securities granted, issued and outstanding 
on the date of issuance of this Note.
 
(e)    Purchase Rights.  If, at any time when this Note is issued and 
outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities or rights to 
purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the “Purchase 
Rights”) pro rata to the record holders of any class of Preferred Stock, 
then the Holder of this Note and the holders of the Series C Convertible 
Preferred Stock will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to 
such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could 
have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Preferred 
Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note or the Series C 
Convertible Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on 
conversion contained herein) immediately before the date on which a record 
is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no 
such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of Preferred 
Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase 
Rights.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(f)    Notice of Adjustments.  Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or 
readjustment of the Conversion Rate as a result of the events described in 
this Section 1.6, the Borrower, at its expense, shall promptly compute such 
adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the Holder of a 
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in 
detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based.  The 
Borrower shall, upon the written request at any time of the Holder, furnish 
to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustment or 
readjustment, (ii) the Conversion Rate at the time in effect and (iii) the 
number of shares of Preferred Stock and the amount, if any, of other 
securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion 
of this note.
 
1.7      Trading Market Limitations. Unless permitted by the applicable 
rules and regulations of the principal securities market on which the 
Preferred Stock is then listed or traded, in no event shall the Borrower 
issue upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note and the other 
convertible securities issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement more than 
the maximum number of shares of Preferred Stock that the Borrower can issue 
pursuant to any rule of the principal United States securities market on 
which the Preferred Stock is then traded (the “Maximum Share Amount”), 
which, as of the Issue Date shall be 19.99% of the total shares outstanding 
on the Issue Date), subject to equitable adjustment from time to time for 
stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, capital reorganizations and 
similar events relating to the Preferred Stock occurring after the date 
hereof.  Once the Maximum Share Amount has been issued (the date of which 
is hereinafter referred to as the “Maximum Conversion Date”), if the 
Borrower fails to eliminate any prohibitions under applicable law or the 
rules or regulations of any stock exchange, interdealer quotation system or 
other self-regulatory organization with jurisdiction over the Borrower or 
any of its securities on the Borrower’s ability to issue shares of 
Preferred Stock in excess of the Maximum Share Amount (a “Trading Market 
Prepayment Event”), in lieu of any further right to convert this Note, and 
in full satisfaction of the Borrower’s obligations under this Note, the 
Borrower shall pay to the Holder, within fifteen (15) business days of the 
Maximum Conversion Date (the “Trading Market Prepayment Date”), an amount 
equal to 130% times the sum of (a) the then outstanding principal amount of 
this Note immediately following the Maximum Conversion Date, plus (b) 
accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this Note to 
the Trading Market Prepayment Date, plus (c) Default Interest, if any, on 
the amounts referred to in clause (a) and/or (b) above, plus (d) any 
optional amounts that may be added thereto at the Maximum Conversion Date 
by the Holder in accordance with the terms hereof (the then outstanding 
principal amount of this Note immediately following the Maximum Conversion 
Date, plus the amounts referred to in clauses (b), (c) and (d) above shall 
collectively be referred to as the “Remaining Convertible Amount”).  With 
respect to each Holder of Note, the Maximum Share Amount shall refer to 
such Holder’s prorata share thereof determined in accordance with Section 
4.8 below.  In the event that the sum of (x) the aggregate number of shares 
of Preferred Stock issued upon conversion of this Note and the other 
convertible securities issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement plus (y) 
the aggregate number of shares of Preferred Stock that remain issuable upon 
conversion of this Note and the other convertible securities issued 
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, represents at least one hundred percent 
(100%) of the Maximum Share Amount (the “Triggering Event”), the Borrower 
will use its best efforts to seek and obtain Shareholder Approval (or 
obtain such other relief as will allow conversions hereunder in excess of 
the Maximum Share Amount) as soon as practicable following the Triggering 
Event and before the Maximum Conversion Date.  As used herein, “
Shareholder Approval” means approval by the shareholders of the Borrower to 
authorize the issuance of the full number of shares of Preferred Stock 
which would be issuable upon full conversion of the then outstanding Note 
but for the Maximum Share Amount.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.8     Status as Shareholder.  Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion 
by a Holder, (i) the shares covered thereby (other than the shares, if any, 
which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder’s 
allocated portion of the Reserved Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be 
deemed converted into shares of Preferred Stock and (ii) the Holder’s 
rights as a Holder of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and 
terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares 
of Preferred Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise 
available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the 
Borrower to comply with the terms  of this Note.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates for all shares of 
Preferred Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration 
of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of any portion of this Note 
for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its 
status as a holder of Preferred Stock by so notifying the Borrower) the 
Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to 
such unconverted portions of this Note and the Borrower shall, as soon as 
practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if this note 
has not been surrendered, adjust its records to reflect that such portion 
of this Note has not been converted.  In all cases, the Holder shall retain 
all of its rights and remedies (including, without limitation, (i) the 
right to receive Conversion Default Payments pursuant to Section 1.3 to the 
extent required thereby for such Conversion Default and any subsequent 
Conversion Default and (ii) the right to have the Conversion Rate with 
respect to subsequent conversions determined in accordance with Section 
1.3) for the Borrower’s failure to convert this Note.
 
 
ARTICLE II. CERTAIN COVENANTS
 
2.1     Distributions on Capital Stock.  So long as the Borrower shall have 
any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder’s 
written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any 
dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other 
securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of 
Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common Stock or (b) 
directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or 
distribution in respect of its capital stock except for distributions 
pursuant to any shareholders’ rights plan which is approved by a majority 
of the Borrower’s disinterested directors.
 
2.2     Restriction on Stock Repurchases.  So long as the Borrower shall 
have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the 
Holder’s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether 
for cash or in exchange for property or other securities or otherwise) in 
any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital 
stock of the Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or 
acquire any such shares.
 
2.3     Borrowings.  So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation 
under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s written 
consent, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any liability for 
borrowed money, except (a) borrowings in existence or committed on the date 
hereof and of which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior to 
the date hereof, (b) indebtedness to trade creditors or financial 
institutions incurred in the ordinary course of business or (c) borrowings, 
the proceeds of which shall be used to repay this Note.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
2.4     Sale of Assets.  So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation 
under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s written 
consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its 
assets outside the ordinary course of business.  Any consent to the 
disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the 
proceeds of disposition.
 
2.5     Advances and Loans.  So long as the Borrower shall have any 
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s 
written consent, lend money, give credit or make advances to any person, 
firm, joint venture or corporation, including, without limitation, 
officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the 
Borrower, except loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed 
on the date hereof and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing 
prior to the date hereof, (b) made in the ordinary course of business or 
(c) not in excess of $50,000.
 
2.6     Contingent Liabilities.  So long as the Borrower shall have any 
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s 
written consent, assume, guarantee, endorse, contingently agree to purchase 
or otherwise become liable upon the obligation of any person, firm, 
partnership, joint venture or corporation, except by the endorsement of 
negotiable instruments for deposit or collection and except assumptions, 
guarantees, endorsements and contingencies (a) in existence or committed on 
the date hereof and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior 
to the date hereof, and (b) similar transactions in the ordinary course of 
business.
 
 
ARTICLE III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
 
If any of the following events of default (each, an “Event of Default”) 
shall occur:
 
3.1     Failure to Pay Principal or Interest.  The Borrower fails to pay 
the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at 
maturity, upon a Trading Market Prepayment Event pursuant to Section 1.7, 
upon acceleration or otherwise;
 
3.2     Conversion and the Shares.  The Borrower fails to issue shares of 
Preferred Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens that it will not 
honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the 
conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note 
(for a period of at least sixty (60) days, if such failure is solely as a 
result of the circumstances governed by Section 1.3 and the Borrower is 
using its best efforts to authorize a sufficient number of shares of 
Preferred Stock as soon as practicable), fails to transfer or cause its 
transfer agent to transfer (electronically or in certificated form) any 
certificate for shares of Preferred Stock issued to the Holder upon 
conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by 
this Note or fails to remove any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any 
stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any 
shares of Preferred Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or 
otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes 
any announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the 
obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall 
continue uncured (or any announcement, statement or threat not to honor its 
obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for ten (10) days after the 
Borrower shall have been notified thereof in writing by the Holder;
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
3.3     Breach of Covenants.  The Borrower breaches any material covenant 
or other material term or condition contained in Sections 1.3, 1.6 or 1.7 
of this Note, or Sections 7(d), 7(g), 7(h), 7(i), 7(k) or 8 of the Purchase 
Agreement and such breach continues for a period of ten (10) days after 
written notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder;
 
3.4     Breach of Representations and Warranties.  Any representation or 
warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or 
certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith 
(including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement), shall be false or 
misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has 
(or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the 
rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement;
 
3.5     Receiver or Trustee.  The Borrower or any subsidiary of the 
Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply 
for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a 
substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee 
shall otherwise be appointed;
 
3.6     Judgments.  Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be 
entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or 
any of its property or other assets for more than $50,000, and shall remain 
unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days unless 
otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be 
unreasonably withheld;
 
3.7     Bankruptcy.  Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation 
proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any 
law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the 
Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower; or
 
3.8     Default Under Other Securities.  An Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing under any of the other securities issued pursuant to the 
Purchase Agreement then, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of 
any Event of Default specified in Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.6, 3.7, or 
3.9, at the option of the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Note or other securities issued pursuant to the 
Purchase Agreement exercisable through the delivery of written notice to 
the Borrower by such Holders (the “Default Notice”), and upon the 
occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 3.6 or 3.8, this 
note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to 
the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount 
equal to the greater of (i) 130% times the sum of (w) the then outstanding 
principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the 
unpaid principal amount of this Note to the date of payment (the “
Mandatory Prepayment Date”) plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the 
amounts referred to in clauses (w) (the then outstanding principal amount 
of this Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses 
(x) and  (y) shall collectively be known as the “Default Sum”) or (ii) the 
“parity value” of the Default Sum to be prepaid, where parity value means 
(a) the highest number of shares of Preferred Stock issuable upon 
conversion of or otherwise pursuant to such Default Sum in accordance with 
Article I, treating the Trading Day immediately preceding the Mandatory 
Prepayment Date as the “Conversion Date” for purposes of determining the 
lowest applicable Conversion Rate, unless the Default Event arises as a 
result of a breach in respect of a specific Conversion Date in which case 
such Conversion Date shall be the Conversion Date), multiplied by (b) the 
highest Closing Price for the Preferred Stock during the period beginning 
on the date of first occurrence of the Event of Default and ending one day 
prior to the Mandatory Prepayment Date (the “Default Amount”) and all other 
amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all 
without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly 
waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees 
and expenses, of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise 
all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.  If the 
Borrower fails to pay the Default Amount within five (5) business days of 
written notice that such amount is due and payable, then the Holder shall 
have the right at any time, so long as the Borrower remains in default (and 
so long and to the extent that there are sufficient authorized shares), to 
require the Borrower, upon written notice, to immediately issue, in lieu of 
the Default Amount, the number of shares of Preferred Stock of the Borrower 
equal to the Default Amount divided by the Conversion Rate then in effect.
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS
 
4.1     Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver.  No failure or delay on the part 
of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder 
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise 
of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise 
thereof or of any other right, power or privileges.  All rights and 
remedies existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any 
rights or remedies otherwise available.
 
4.2     Notices.  Any notice herein required or permitted to be given shall 
be in writing and may be personally served or delivered by courier or sent 
by United States mail and shall be deemed to have been given upon receipt 
if personally served (which shall include telephone line facsimile 
transmission) or sent by courier or three (3) days after being deposited in 
the United States mail, certified, with postage pre-paid and properly 
addressed, if sent by mail.  For the purposes hereof, the address of the 
Holder shall be as shown on the records of the Borrower; and the address of 
the Borrower shall be 6303 Beverly Hill, Suite 210, Houston, Texas 77057, 
with a copy not constituting notice sent to Douglas J, Dillon, Andrews 
Kurth, LLP, 600 Travis, Houston, Texas 77002.  Both the Holder and the 
Borrower may change the address for service by service of written notice to 
the other as herein provided.
 
4.3     Amendments.  This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended 
by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder.  The 
term “Note” and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, 
shall mean this instrument (and the other Note issued pursuant to the 
Purchase Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or 
supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4.4     Assignability.  This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and 
its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder 
and its successors and assigns.  Each transferee of this Note must be an 
“accredited investor” (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act).  
Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be 
pledged as collateral in connection with a bonafide margin account or other 
lending arrangement.
 
4.5     Cost of Collection.  If default is made in the payment of this 
Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, 
including reasonable attorneys’ fees.
 
4.6     Governing Law.  THIS NOTE SHALL BE ENFORCED, GOVERNED BY AND 
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEVADA APPLICABLE TO 
AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT 
REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS.  THE BORROWER HEREBY SUBMITS 
TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED 
IN HOUSTON, TEXAS WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER THIS NOTE, THE 
AGREEMENTS ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS 
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. BOTH PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE DEFENSE 
OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING.  
BOTH PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON A PARTY MAILED BY 
FIRST CLASS MAIL SHALL BE DEEMED IN EVERY RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF 
PROCESS UPON THE PARTY IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING.  NOTHING HEREIN 
SHALL AFFECT EITHER PARTY’S RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER 
PERMITTED BY LAW.  BOTH PARTIES AGREE THAT A FINAL NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT 
IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN 
OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON SUCH JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LAWFUL MANNER. 
 THE PARTY WHICH DOES NOT PREVAIL IN ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER THIS NOTE 
SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL FEES AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING ATTORNEYS’ FEES, 
INCURRED BY THE PREVAILING PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH DISPUTE.
 
4.7     Certain Amounts.  Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is 
required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding principal amount (or 
the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and 
unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower and 
the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of 
cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine and the amount to 
be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty 
and is intended to compensate the Holder in part for loss of the 
opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of 
shares of Preferred Stock acquired upon conversion of this Note at a price 
in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note.  The 
Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that such amount of stipulated damages 
is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the 
receipt of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert this Note into 
shares of Preferred Stock.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4.8     Allocations of Maximum Share Amount and Reserved Amount.  The 
Maximum Share Amount and Reserved Amount shall be allocated pro rata among 
the Holders of Note based on the principal amount of such Note issued to 
each Holder.  Each increase to the Maximum Share Amount and Reserved Amount 
shall be allocated pro rata among the Holders of Note based on the 
principal amount of such Note held by each Holder at the time of the 
increase in the Maximum Share Amount or Reserved Amount.  In the event a 
Holder shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such Holder’s Note, each 
transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such transferor’s 
Maximum Share Amount and Reserved Amount.  Any portion of the Maximum Share 
Amount or Reserved Amount which remains allocated to any person or entity 
which does not hold any Note shall be allocated to the remaining Holders of 
Note, pro rata based on the principal amount of such Note then held by such 
Holders.
 
4.9     Damages Shares.  The shares of Preferred Stock that may be issuable 
to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(f) (“Damages Shares”) shall 
be treated as Preferred Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note for all 
purposes hereof and shall be subject to all of the limitations and afforded 
all of the rights of the other shares of Preferred Stock issuable 
hereunder.  For purposes of calculating interest payable on the outstanding 
principal amount hereof, except as otherwise provided herein, amounts 
convertible into Damages Shares (“Damages Amounts”) shall not bear interest 
but must be converted prior to the conversion of any outstanding principal 
amount hereof, until the outstanding Damages Amounts is zero.
 
4.10   Denominations.  At the request of the Holder, upon surrender of this 
Note, the Borrower shall promptly issue a new Note in the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount hereof, in the form hereof, in such 
denominations as the Holder shall request.
 
4.11   Purchase Agreement.  By its acceptance of this Note, each Holder 
agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement.
 
4.12   Notice of Corporate Events.  Except as otherwise provided below, the 
Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Preferred Stock 
unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Preferred 
Stock.  The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification of 
any meeting of the Borrower’s shareholders (and copies of proxy materials 
and other information sent to shareholders).  In the event of any taking by 
the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining 
shareholders who are entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other 
distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire 
(including by way of merger, consolidation, reclassification or 
recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or 
property, or to receive any other right, or for the purpose of determining 
shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any proposed sale, 
lease or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the 
Borrower or any proposed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the 
Borrower, the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty 
(20) days prior to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days 
prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is 
earlier), of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the 
purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief 
statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend, 
distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time.  The 
Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring 
notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with the 
notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 
4.12.
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4.13  Remedies.  The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its 
obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by 
vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby.  
Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach 
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the 
event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the provisions of 
this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other 
available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties 
assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing 
or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and 
provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and 
without any bond or other security being required.
 
 
ARTICLE V. OPTIONAL PREPAYMENT
 
5.1     Optional Prepayment.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Note, the Borrower shall have the unilateral right at its 
sole election to prepay all of this outstanding Note in accordance with 
this Section 5.1.  Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an “Optional 
Prepayment”) shall be delivered to the Holders of this Note at their 
registered addresses appearing on the books and records of the Borrower and 
shall state (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right to prepay all of 
this Note issued on the Issue Date and (2) the date of prepayment (the “
Optional Prepayment Notice”).  On the date fixed for prepayment (the “
Optional Prepayment Date”), the Borrower shall make payment of the unpaid 
principal balance and accrued interest and other amounts, if any, owing 
under the terms of this Note.
 
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name 
by its duly authorized officer this 14th day of September, 2006.
 
  	  	
EXOBOX TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	
By:
 
  	  	
Robert B. Dillon, President

17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT A
 
NOTICE OF CONVERSION
 
(To be Executed by the Registered Holder
 
in order to Convert this note)
 
The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to convert $__________ principal 
amount of this note (defined below) into shares of common stock, par value 
$.001 per share (“Preferred Stock”), of Exobox Technologies Corp., a Nevada 
corporation (the “Borrower”) according to the conditions of the convertible 
Note of the Borrower dated as of September ___, 2006 (the “Note”), as of 
the date written below.  If securities are to be issued in the name of a 
person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer 
taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such 
certificates.  No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, 
except for transfer taxes, if any.  A copy of each Note is attached hereto 
(or evidence of loss, theft or destruction thereof).
 
The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Preferred Stock issuable 
pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or 
its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system 
(“DWAC Transfer”).
 
Name of DTC Prime Broker:
 
Account Number:
 
In lieu of receiving shares of Preferred Stock issuable pursuant to this 
Notice of Conversion by way of a DWAC Transfer, the undersigned hereby 
requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the 
number of shares of Preferred Stock set forth below (which numbers are 
based on the Holder’s calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified 
immediately below or, if additional space is necessary, on an attachment 
hereto:
 
Name:
 
Address:
 
The undersigned represents and warrants that all offers and sales by the 
undersigned of the securities issuable to the undersigned upon conversion 
of this Note shall be made pursuant to registration of the securities under 
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”), or pursuant to an 
exemption from registration under the Act.
 
Date of Conversion:
 
Applicable Conversion Rate:
 
Number of Shares of Preferred Stock to be Issued Pursuant to 
Conversion of this note:
 
Signature:
 
Name:
 
Address:
 

The Borrower shall issue and deliver shares of Preferred Stock to an 
overnight courier not later than three business days following receipt of 
the original Note(s) to be converted, and shall make payments pursuant to 
this Note for the number of business days such issuance and delivery is 
late.
 
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------