 EX-10.2 3 w42578exv10w2.htm SEVERANCE AND CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT, 
JAMES E. DENTZER


 

Exhibit 10.2

[(AMICUS LOGO)]


LETTER AGREEMENT

November 9, 2007

James Dentzer
304 Goodmans Hill Road
Sudbury, MA 01776

     Re: Severance and Change in Control Agreements

Dear Jim:

On behalf of Amicus Therapeutics, Inc., (the Company), this shall serve 
to confirm our agreement in the event Amicus terminates your employment 
without cause or in the event of a Change in Control, Sale or Merger of the 
Company. By accepting the terms of this Letter Agreement, you agree that 
the rights identified in this Letter Agreement contain the complete 
understanding between you and the Company related to Severance and Change 
in Control payments. The July 27, 2006 Offer of Employment Letter 
countersigned by you (July 27, 2006, Offer Letter, attached hereto), 
shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and is hereby confirmed and 
ratified.

Severance Pay

In the event that your employment is terminated by the Company, except for 
Cause as defined below, you will be eligible to receive the following:

  	1. 	  	six (6) months salary continuation;
 
  	2. 	  	an additional six (6) months of option vesting;
 
  	3. 	  	in the event that your termination occurs after June 30th of the 
calendar year, you will be entitled to a payment of a bonus equal to the 
bonus earned in the preceding year pro-rated for the number of months 
actually worked in the year of termination; and

 

     6 Cedar Brook Drive      Cranbury, NJ 08512      T: 609-662-2000      
F: 609-662-2001      www.amicustherapeutics.com

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	4. 	  	you will be entitled to a continuation of your health benefit 
coverage under COBRA, premiums to be paid by the Company, for a period of 
twelve (12) months, which shall commence on the date of termination and run 
concurrently with the period of salary continuation.

For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means termination for any of the 
following reasons: (1) willful or deliberate misconduct by you that 
materially damages the Company; (2) misappropriation of Company assets; (3) 
conviction of, or a plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony; or (4) any 
willful disobedience of the lawful and unambiguous instructions of the CEO 
of the Company; provided that the CEO has given you written notice of such 
disobedience or neglect and you have failed to cure such disobedience or 
neglect within a period reasonable under the circumstances.

Change in Control

     If there is a Change in Control Event and you resign for Good Reason 
or are terminated without Cause within twelve months of such Change in 
Control Event, then (i) you will be entitled to receive twelve (12) months 
of salary continuation, plus, in the event that the resignation for Good 
Reason or termination without Cause following a change in control event 
occurs after June 30th of the calendar year, you will be entitled to a 
payment of a bonus equal to the bonus earned in the preceding year 
pro-rated for the number of months actually worked in the year of your 
resignation or termination. In addition, you will be entitled to 
continuation of your health benefit coverage under COBRA, premiums to be 
paid by the Company, for a period of twelve (12) months, which shall 
commence on the date of resignation or termination and run concurrently 
with the period of salary continuation, and (ii) all unvested stock options 
will have their remaining vesting schedule accelerated so that all stock 
options are fully vested.

Change in Control Event means any of the following: (i) any person or 
entity (except for a current stockholder) becomes the beneficial owner of 
greater than 50% of the then outstanding voting power of the Company; (ii) 
a merger or consolidation with another entity where the voting securities 
of the Company outstanding immediately before the transaction constitute 
less than a majority of the voting power of the voting securities of the 
Company or the surviving entity outstanding immediately after the 
transaction, or (iii) the sales or disposition of all or substantially all 
of the Companys assets. Good Reason means (i) a change in your position 
with the Company or its successor that materially reduces your title, 
duties or level of responsibility; or (ii) the relocation of the Company or 
its successor greater than 50 miles away from the then current location of 
the Companys principal offices.

     Your right to receive accelerated vesting and severance payments 
pursuant to this letter agreement shall be subject to the condition that 
you execute a full release and waiver of all claims against the Company and 
related parties, in a form acceptable to the Company.

It is understood and agreed that this Letter Agreement constitutes the full 
agreement between you and the Company on the subjects of Severance and 
Change in Control payments. To indicate

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

your acceptance of the terms and conditions set forth herein, please sign 
one copy of this Letter Agreement in the space indicated below and return 
it to my attention on or before November 12, 2007. By signing below, you 
agree that no other promises, express or implied, have been made to you 
either verbally or in writing and that no further modifications to these 
terms and conditions will be effective except by a written agreement signed 
by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and you and as authorized by 
the Companys Board of Directors.

Very truly yours,

John Crowley
President and Chief Executive Officer

Accepted and Agreed:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
By:
  	/s/ James Dentzer 	  	  	  	Date: 	  	November 12, 2007 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	James Dentzer 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 

 