 EX-10.3 4 y41599exv10w3.htm EX-10.3: EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH J. CLARKE 
GRAY


 

EXHIBIT 10.3


BKF CAPITAL GROUP, INC.
One Rockefeller Plaza
New York, New York 10020

November 12, 2007

Mr. J. Clarke Gray
805 Ramapo Way
Westfield, N.J. 07090

Dear Clarke:

     On behalf of BKF Capital Group, Inc. (Company), I am pleased to 
extend you a formal offer to serve as our Chief Financial Officer on the 
following terms:

     1. You shall serve as the Companys Chief Financial Officer and will 
be responsible for the Companys principal accounting activities, statutory 
reporting obligations and assisting the Companys Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer in the Companys general operations as they or the 
Companys board of directors may reasonably request. You will devote a 
reasonable portion of your business time to the Company and shall 
diligently address your obligations hereunder and shall not engage in any 
other business that is competitive with the Company. You shall report 
directly to the Companys Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
and the Companys board.

     2. You shall be paid a base monthly salary of $20,000 paid 
semi-monthly in accordance with the Companys normal payroll.

     3. On November 12, 2007, the board of directors of the Company has 
granted you options to purchase an aggregate of 50,000 shares of its common 
stock. The options will be evidenced by a stock option agreement to be 
executed by you and the Company as soon as practicable after the date 
hereof. The options shall be immediately vested and exercisable and shall 
remain exercisable through the tenth anniversary of the date hereof. The 
exercise price per share of the options shall be equal to the market price 
of a share of the Companys common stock as of the close of trading on 
November 12, 2007.

     4. Upon the consummation of a material acquisition or other strategic 
transaction by the Company, you shall be eligible for a bonus and in an 
amount in accordance with parameters to be reasonably determined by the 
compensation committee of the Company.

     5. Your term of employment hereunder shall be for six months years 
commencing as of October 1, 2007 provided however, that such employment may 
be terminated earlier as follows:

     (i) by the Company for Cause. Cause shall mean (i) your failure to 
diligently carry out any duty reasonably requested by the board of 
directors that is commensurate with your title as Chairman of the Board, 
(ii) your breach of this

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

CONFIDENTIAL

Agreement, (iii) your breach of the Confidentiality and Assignment of 
Creative Works Agreement (defined below), (iii) any indictment for any (a) 
felony or (b) misdemeanor involving a question of moral turpitude, (iv) 
your engagement with any activity that is competitive with the interests of 
the Company or (v) any act of gross negligence or willful misconduct that 
would reasonable be likely to cause harm to the Company; provided, however, 
that in the cases of clauses (i) and (ii), above, no cause shall be 
deemed to exist until the board of directors has given you written notice 
of such failure or breach and you have failed to cure same within 10 days 
of your receipt of such notice; and

     (ii) by either you or the Company after one year, with 60 days written 
notice.

     6. You represent and warrant to the Company that

     (i) you have the right to provide services to the Company and you are 
not subject to any contract, commitment, agreement, arrangement or 
restriction of any kind which would prevent you from performing you duties 
and obligations hereunder; and

     (ii) you have not retained and will not retain original records or 
copies thereof of any proprietary information of your former employer.

You agree to indemnify the Company against any loss, liability, claim, 
damage and expense (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys 
fees) to which the Company may be subject in any action brought by any 
present or former employer arising out of or relating to a breach or 
alleged breach by you of any of your representations or warranties set 
forth above by your present employer.

     7. You shall be entitled to participate in all of the employee benefit 
plans provided by the Company, if any.

     Please indicate by your signature below your agreement with the terms 
set forth above. In closing, I want to reiterate how excited we are to have 
you join us at such a significant time in the development of the Company 
and look forward to your important contributions to our success.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Sincerely, 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
BKF CAPITAL GROUP, INC. 	  	  	  	AGREED AND ACCEPTED
  	  	  	  	  	  	AS OF THE DATE WRITTEN ABOVE:
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
By:
  	/s/  Harvey Bazaar 	  	  	  	  	  	/s/  J. Clarke Gray 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Harvey Bazaar 	  	  	  	  	  	J. Clarke Gray 	  	 
 
  	Chief Executive Officer 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 

2