 EX-10.1 2 l28846aexv10w1.htm EX-10.1


 

Exhibit 10.1


FIRST ADDENDUM TO ELEVENTH AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF NOTE

     This FIRST ADDENDUM TO ELEVENTH AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF NOTE 
(this Addendum) in the original principal sum of $10,000,000.00 dated 
June 15, 2006, and any and all renewals, amendments, modifications, 
reductions and extensions thereof and substitutions therefor (collectively 
the Note) between BANCINSURANCE CORPORATION, an Ohio corporation, having 
an office at 250 East Broad Street, Columbus, Ohio 43215, as maker 
(Borrower), and FIFTH THIRD BANK, an Ohio banking corporation, having an 
office at 21 East State Street, Columbus, Ohio 43215 as payee (Lender), 
is made and entered into to be effective September 27, 2007. This Addendum 
was issued, not as a payment toward, but as a continuation of the 
obligations of Borrower to Lender pursuant to the Note. The Note amended 
and restated that certain note dated January 25, 1993 as modified by the 
First Amendment and Restatement dated November 5, 1993; as modified by the 
Second Amendment and Restatement dated October 19, 1994; as modified by the 
Third Amendment and Restatement dated July 19, 1995; as modified by the 
Fourth Amendment and Restatement dated June 4, 1996; as modified by the 
Fifth Amendment and Restatement dated July 17, 1997; as modified by the 
Sixth Amendment and Restatement dated September 1, 1998; as modified by the 
Seventh Amendment and Restatement dated November 24, 1999; as modified by 
the Eighth Amendment and Restatement dated December 11, 2000; as modified 
by the Ninth Amendment and Restatement dated July 1, 2002; as modified by 
the Tenth Amendment and Restatement dated October 20, 2003; and as modified 
by the Eleventh Amendment and Restatement dated June 15, 2006.

     A. The Stated Maturity Date of the Note is changed from June 30, 2009 
to June 30, 2010.

     This Addendum shall only modify the Note to the extent provided 
herein, all other provisions thereof remaining unchanged and in full force 
and effect.

     This Addendum shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
the laws of the State of Ohio.

     Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning 
given to such terms in the Note.

     The undersigned authorizes any attorney at law to appear in any Court 
of Record in the State of Ohio or in any other state or territory of the 
United States of America after the indebtedness evidenced by the Note 
becomes due, whether by acceleration or otherwise, to waive the issuing and 
service of process, and to confess judgment against Borrower in favor of 
Lender for the amount then appearing due together with costs of suit, and 
thereupon to waive all errors and all rights of appeal

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

and stays of execution. The foregoing warrant of attorney shall survive any 
judgment, and if any such judgment be vacated for any reason the warrant of 
attorney nevertheless may thereafter be used to obtain an additional 
judgment or judgments against Borrower.

     BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, AS TO ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY ARISE 
BETWEEN BORROWER AND LENDER, THE COMMERCIAL NATURE OF THE TRANSACTION OUT 
OF WHICH THIS NOTE ARISES MAKES ANY SUCH DISPUTE UNSUITABLE FOR TRIAL BY 
JURY. ACCORDINGLY, BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AND 
LENDER BY ACCEPTING THE NOTE ALSO WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AS TO 
ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY ARISE RELATING TO THIS NOTE OR TO ANY OF THE 
INSTRUMENTS OR DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH.
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	BANCINSURANCE CORPORATION, 	  	 
  	  	an Ohio corporation 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/Matthew C. Nolan 	  	 
 
  	  	  	
 
  	 
  	  	Name: Matthew C. Nolan 	  	 
  	  	Title: Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	FIFTH THIRD BANK, an Ohio banking association 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/William J. Whitley 	  	 
 
  	  	  	
 
  	 
  	  	Name: William J. Whitley 	  	 
  	  	Title: Vice President 	  	 


THIS ADDENDUM SHOULD BE FIRMLY AFFIXED TO THE NOTE

2