 EX-10.58 29 aquatic_ex1058.txt EXHIBIT 10.58 Exhibit 10.58 SERIES A 
CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS, PREFERENCES AND 
RIGHTS OF AQUATIC CELLULOSE INTERNATIONAL CORP. Aquatic Cellulose 
International Corp., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), DOES HEREBY 
CERTIFY: Pursuant to authority expressly granted and vested in the Board of 
Directors of the Corporation by the provisions of the Corporation's 
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and the provisions of the Nevada 
Revised Statutes, the Board of Directors adopted the following resolution 
on March 30, 2007, authorizing a class of the Company's previously 
authorized 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.001 per share, 
and providing for the designations, preferences and relative, 
participating, optional or other rights, and the qualifications, 
limitations or restrictions thereof, of 5,000,000 shares of Series A 
Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, as follows: RESOLVED, Pursuant 
to Company's Certificate of incorporation the provisions of the Nevada 
Revised Statutes, Company hereby designates a class of preferred shares 
which are a part of the Company's authorized capital, but as of the date of 
this resolution, have yet to be designated as Series A Convertible 
Preferred Stock whereby each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
is convertible into sixty-one (61) shares of common stock and carries all 
the same rights as common stock, except for the 1:61 conversion and the 
following: (1) VOTING. Except with respect to transactions upon which the 
Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote separately as a class 
pursuant to the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation, and except as 
otherwise required by Nevada law, the Series A Preferred Stock shall have 
1000 votes for every share of common stock and shall vote together as one 
class with the Common Stock. The Common Stock into which the Series A 
Preferred Stock is convertible shall, upon issuance, have all of the same 
voting rights as other issued and outstanding Common Stock of the Company, 
and none of the rights of the Preferred Stock. (2) DIVIDENDS. Commencing on 
the date of the initial issuance (the "Issuance Date") of the Series A 
Preferred Stock, the holders of record of shares of Series A Preferred 
Stock shall be entitled to receive, out of any assets at the time legally 
available therefor and as declared by the Board of Directors, cash 
dividends. (3) LIQUIDATION PREFERENCE. Upon the liquidation, dissolution 
and winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, the 
holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock then outstanding shall 
be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Corporation, whether from 
capital or from earnings available for distribution to its stockholders, 
before any amount shall be paid to the holders of common stock, ten (10) 
times that sum available for distribution to common stock holders. (4) 
RIGHT TO CONVERT. At any time at least one business day after the increase 
in the Company's authorized shares of common stock to 3,000,000,000 shares, 
the holder of any such shares of Series A Preferred Stock may, at such 
holder's option, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 7 herein, 
elect to convert all or any portion of the shares of Series A Preferred 
Stock held by such person at a Conversion Rate of sixty-one (61) shares of 
Common Stock for every one (1) share of Series A Preferred Stock being 
converted. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the 
Company, the Conversion Rights shall terminate at the close of business on 
the last full day preceding the date fixed for the payment of any such 
amounts distributable on such event to the holders of Series A Preferred 
Stock. In the event of such a redemption or liquidation, dissolution or 
winding up, the Company shall provide to each holder of shares of Series A 
Preferred Stock notice of such redemption or liquidation, dissolution or 
winding up, which notice shall (i) be sent at least fifteen (15) days prior 
to the termination of the Conversion Rights (or, if the Company obtains 
lesser notice thereof, then as promptly as possible after the date that it 
has obtained notice thereof) and (ii) state the amount per share of Series 
A Preferred Stock that will be paid or distributed on such redemption or 
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the case may be. (5) MECHANICS 
OF CONVERSION. The Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock shall be 
conducted in the following manner: i. Holder's Delivery Requirements. To 
convert Series A Preferred Stock into full shares of Common Stock on any 
date (the "Conversion Date"), the holder thereof shall (A) transmit by 
facsimile (or otherwise deliver), for receipt on or prior to 5:00 p.m., New 
York time on such date, a copy of a fully executed notice of conversion in 
the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the "Conversion Notice"), to the 
Company at (250) 558-3846, Attention: Chief Executive Officer, and (B) 
surrender to a common carrier for delivery to the Company as soon as 
practicable following such Conversion Date the original certificates 
representing the shares of Series A Preferred Stock being converted (or an 
indemnification undertaking with respect to such shares in the case of 
their loss, theft or destruction) (the "Preferred Stock Certificates") and 
the originally executed Conversion Notice. ii. Company's Response. Upon 
receipt by the Company of a facsimile copy of a Conversion Notice, the 
Company shall immediately send, via facsimile, a confirmation of receipt of 
such Conversion Notice to such holder. Upon receipt by the Company of a 
copy of the fully executed Conversion Notice, the Company or its designated 
transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent"), as applicable, shall, within five 
(5) business days following the date of receipt by the Company of the fully 
executed Conversion Notice, issue and deliver to the holder a certificate 
for the shares of common stock. If the number of shares of Preferred Stock 
represented by the Preferred Stock Certificate(s) submitted for conversion 
is greater than the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock being 
converted, then the Company shall, as soon as practicable and in no event 
later than five (5) business days after receipt of the Preferred Stock 
Certificate(s) and at the Company's expense, issue and deliver to the 
holder a new Preferred Stock Certificate representing the number of shares 
of Series A Preferred Stock not converted. (6) DEMAND REGISTRATION RIGHTS. 
If the Common Stock issued pursuant to a Conversion from Series A 
Convertible Stock have not been previously registered on a registration 
statement under the Securities Act, a holder of Series A Preferred Stock 
may make a written request for registration under the Securities Act of all 
of its shares of Common Stock issued upon such Conversion. The Company 
shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause to be filed and declared 
effective as soon as reasonably practicable (but in no event later than the 
ninetieth (90th) day after such holder's request is made) a registration 
statement under the Securities Act, providing for the sale of all of the 
shares of Common Stock issued upon such Conversion. The Company agrees to 
use its reasonable best efforts to keep any such registration statement 
continuously effective for resale of the Common Stock for so long as such 
holder shall request, but in no event later than the date that the shares 
of Common Stock issued upon such Conversion may be offered for resale to 
the public pursuant to Rule 144(k). (7) PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION. If the 
Company at any time proposes to register any of its securities under the 
Securities Act for sale to the public, whether for its own account or for 
the account of other security holders or both (other than a registration 
statement on Form-S-4, Form S-8 or other limited purpose form), then in 
each instance, it will give written notice to all holders of Series A 
Preferred Stock of its intention so to do, provided, however, that for the 
purposes of this sentence, the Company shall treat the holders hereof in 
the same manner and in PARI PASSU with all other holders of unregistered 
capital stock of the Company who (i) have registration rights with respect 
to such stock or (ii) presently or at any time hereafter are officers, 
directors, or 5% shareholders of the Company, or any affiliate, successor, 
or assign thereof. Upon the written request of any such holders, given 
within 20 days after the date of any such notice, to register any of its 
Restricted Stock (which request shall state the intended method of 
disposition thereof), the Company will use its best efforts to cause the 
Restricted Stock as to which registration shall have been so requested to 
be included in the securities to be covered by the registration statement 
proposed to be filed by the Company all to the extent requisite to permit 
the sale or other disposition by the holders (in accordance with its 
written request) of such Restricted Stock so registered. The Company may 
withdraw any such registration statement before it becomes effective or 
postpone the offering of securities contemplated by such registration 
statement without any obligation to the holders of any Restricted Stock. 
(8) RATCHET PROVISION; CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS FOR CONVERSIONS AND ISSUANCES. 
In the event the Company, shall, at any time after March 30, 2007, issue 
any additional shares of common stock, then the conversion rate for the 
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will be adjusted so that the number of 
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion of the Series A 
Convertible Preferred Stock shall be increased in proportion to such 
increase in outstanding shares of common stock. (9) CONSOLIDATION OR MERGER 
In case the Corporation shall enter into any consolidation, merger, 
combination or other transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are 
exchanged for or changed into other stock or securities, cash and/or any 
other property, then in any such case the shares of Series A Convertible 
Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed in 
an amount per share (subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter 
set forth) equal to 1,000 times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, 
cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into 
which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged. (10) 
ISSUANCE OF CERTIFICATES; TIME CONVERSION EFFECTED. Within five (5) 
business days of the Company's receipt of a conversion request by a holder 
of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company shall cause 
to be issued and delivered, to the Holder, registered in such name or names 
as the Holder may direct, a certificate or certificates for the number of 
whole shares of Common Stock into which the Series A Convertible Preferred 
Stock has been converted. In the alternative, if the Company's Transfer 
Agent is a participant in the electronic book transfer program, the 
Transfer Agent shall credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock 
to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holder's or its designee's 
balance account with The Depository Trust Corporation. Such conversion 
shall be deemed to have been effected, and the "Conversion Date" shall be 
deemed to have occurred, on the date which such shares are issued. The 
rights of the Holder of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall 
cease, and the person or persons in whose name or names any certificate or 
certificates for shares of Common Stock shall be issuable upon such 
conversion shall be deemed to have become the holder or holders of record 
of the shares represented thereby, on the Conversion Date. Issuance of 
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion that are requested to be 
registered in a name other than that of the registered Holder shall be 
subject to compliance with all applicable federal and state securities 
laws. (11) FRACTIONAL SHARES. The Company shall not, nor shall it cause the 
Transfer Agent to, issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any 
conversion. All shares of Common Stock (including fractions thereof) 
issuable upon conversion of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
by the Holder shall be aggregated for purposes of determining whether the 
conversion would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common 
Stock. If, after such aggregation, the issuance would result in the 
issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round, 
or cause the Transfer Agent to round, such fraction of a share of Common 
Stock up to the nearest whole share. (12) NO REISSUANCE OF SERIES A 
CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK. Shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
that are converted into shares of Common Stock as provided herein shall not 
be reissued. (13) VOTE TO CHANGE THE TERMS OF OR ISSUE SERIES A SUPER 
PREFERRED STOCK. The affirmative vote at a meeting duly called for such 
purpose, or the written consent without a meeting, of the holders of not 
less than fifty-one percent (51%) of the then outstanding shares of Series 
A Convertible Preferred Stock shall be required for (i) any change to the 
Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation that would amend, alter, change 
or repeal any of the preferences, limitations or relative rights of the 
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, or (ii) any issuance of additional 
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. (14) NOTICES. In case at 
any time: a. the Company shall offer for subscription PRO RATA to the 
holders of its Common Stock any additional shares of stock of any class or 
other rights; or b. there shall any recapitalization, reorganization, 
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale of all or substantially all 
of the Company's assets to another Person or other transaction in each 
case, which is effected in such a way that holders of Common Stock are 
entitled to receive (either directly or upon subsequent liquidation) stock, 
securities or assets with respect to or in exchange for Common Stock, 
referred to herein as an "Organic Change." then, in any one or more of such 
cases, the Company shall give, by first class mail, postage prepaid, or by 
facsimile or by recognized overnight delivery service to non-U.S. 
residents, addressed to the Registered Holders of the Series A Convertible 
Preferred Stock at the address of each such Holder as shown on the books of 
the Company, (i) at least twenty (20) Trading Days prior written notice of 
the date on which the books of the Corporation shall close or a record 
shall be taken for such subscription rights or for determining rights to 
vote in respect of any such Organic Change and (ii) in the case of any such 
Organic Change, at least twenty (20) Trading Days' prior written notice of 
the date when the same shall take place. Such notice in accordance with the 
foregoing clause (i) shall also specify, in the case of any such 
subscription rights, the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be 
entitled thereto, and such notice in accordance with clause (ii) shall also 
specify the date on which the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to 
exchange their Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable 
upon such Organic Change. (15) RECORD OWNER. The Company may deem the 
person in whose name shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall 
be registered upon the registry books of the Company to be, and may treat 
him as, the absolute owner of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for 
the purposes of conversion and for all other purposes, and the Company 
shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. All such payments and 
such conversion shall be valid and effective to satisfy and discharge the 
liabilities arising under this Certificate of Designations to the extent of 
the sum or sums so paid or the conversion so made. (16) REGISTER. The 
Company shall maintain a transfer agent, which may be the transfer agent 
for the Common Stock or the Corporation itself, for the registration of the 
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Upon any transfer of shares of Series 
A Convertible Preferred Stock in accordance with the provisions hereof, the 
Company shall register or cause the transfer agent to register such 
transfer on the Stock Register. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has 
caused this Certificate to be executed by its Chief Executive Officer on 
March 30, 2007. /s/ Sheridan B. Westgarde ------------------------- Chief 
Executive Officer AQUATIC CELLULOSE INTERNATIONAL CORP. CONVERSION NOTICE 
Reference is made to the Certificate of Designation of the Relative Rights 
and Preferences of the Series A Preferred Stock of Aquatic Cellulose 
International Corp. (the "Certificate of Designation"). In accordance with 
and pursuant to the Certificate of Designation, the undersigned hereby 
elects to convert the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par 
value $0.001 per share (the "Preferred Shares"), of Aquatic Cellulose 
International Corp, a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), indicated below 
into shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Common 
Stock"), of the Company, by tendering the stock certificate(s) representing 
the share(s) of Preferred Shares specified below as of the date specified 
below. Date of Conversion: ____________________________________ Number of 
Preferred Shares to be converted: _____ Stock certificate no(s). of 
Preferred Shares to be converted: ______ The Common Stock have been sold 
pursuant to the Registration Statement: YES ____ NO____ Please confirm the 
following information: Conversion Rate: 
_____________________________________ Number of shares of Common Stock to 
be issued: ___________________________________ Number of shares of Common 
Stock beneficially owned or deemed beneficially owned by the Holder on the 
Date of Conversion: _________________________ Please issue the Common Stock 
into which the Preferred Shares are being converted and, if applicable, any 
check drawn on an account of the Company in the following name and to the 
following address: Issue to: ___________________________ 
___________________________ Facsimile Number: ___________________________ 
Authorization: ___________________________ By:________________________ 
Title: ____________________ Dated: