 EX-10 4 exhibit-10_2.htm
Exhibit 10.2
ING USA Annuity and Life Insurance Company
909 Locust Street, Des Moines, Iowa 50309
 
Original #1 of 2
 
GUARANTEED FUNDING AGREEMENT
(Non-Participating)
 
CONTRACT NO.
IUS0296
 
OWNER:
Lion Connecticut Holdings, Inc.
 
STATE OF DELIVERY:
Connecticut
 
EFFECTIVE DATE:
August 10, 2007
 
EXPIRATION DATE:
August 10, 2012
 
SINGLE DEPOSIT:
$500,000,000.00
 
 
ING USA Annuity and Life Insurance Company ("Insurance Company") agrees in 
consideration of its receipt of the Single Deposit, and subject to the 
conditions and provisions of this Contract, to pay the Contract Payments 
specified herein.
 
The conditions and provisions set out on the attached pages form a part of 
this Contract as fully as if stated over the signatures below.
 
Entered into as of the Effective Date:
 
LION CONNECTICUT HOLDINGS, INC.
 
ING USA ANNUITY AND
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
 
By: /s/ David Pendergrass  
 
 
Title: Vice President, Treasurer  
 
/s/
Harry N. Stout
President
/s/
Joy N. Benner
Secretary
 
By:
/s/ Brant Thurston
Sr. Director of Operations, ING Institutional Markets
 
This is a Guaranteed Funding Agreement issued from the Insurance Company's 
general account. Interest is accrued throughout the life of the Contract on 
its current value at the Credited Interest Rate provided for in Schedule A 
of this Contract. The Single Deposit is returned and accrued interest is 
paid to the Owner, without adjustment, in scheduled Contract Payments as 
described in Schedule A.
 
1
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

    ARTICLE I
     
    DEFINITIONS
     
1.1
"Contract" means this Guaranteed Funding Agreement, which is a binding 
agreement between the Owner and the Insurance Company.
     
1.2
"Credited Interest Rate" means the rate of interest specified in Schedule 
A.
     
1.3
"Single Deposit" means the amount of the Single Deposit set out on Page 
One, which must be received by the Insurance Company on the Effective Date 
from the Owner, plus, if allowed, any additional deposits which are paid 
pursuant to the terms of this Contract.
     
1.4
"Owner" means the Owner designated on Page One as the Owner of the Contract 
on the Effective Date or a successor trustee, if any.
     
1.5
"Insurance Company" means ING USA Annuity and Life Insurance Company.
 
ARTICLE II
 
ESTABLISHMENT AND MAINTENANCE OF
GUARANTEED FUND
 
2.1
Establishment of Guaranteed Fund
 
    The Insurance Company shall, on the Effective Date, establish an
    accounting record called the Guaranteed Fund.
     
    The Guaranteed Fund shall be the sum of the Single Deposit as defined
    in Section 1.3 and interest as credited in accordance with Section 2.2
    less any Contract Payments made in accordance with Section 3.1. Any
    deposit made to the Single Deposit shall be credited to the Guaranteed
    Fund on the day it is received. Contract Payments shall be deducted
    from the Guaranteed Fund on the day they are paid.
     
2.2
Interest
     
    Interest shall be earned daily on the Guaranteed Fund at the Credited
    Interest Rate set forth in Schedule A. Interest earned shall be
    credited to the Guaranteed Fund on the date such interest is paid.
    Monies accepted for the Contract shall earn interest from the date they
    are received by the Insurance Company up to, but not including, the
    date they are paid out. Such earned interest is paid pursuant to
    Section 2 of Schedule A.
 
2
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

ARTICLE III
 
PROCEDURE FOR PAYOUT
 
3.1
Contract Payments
     
    Contract Payments shall be paid to the Owner in accordance with
    Schedule A, if they fall on a day the Federal Reserve Wire Transfer
    System (the "System") is open. If the System is closed on any Contract
    Payment Date specified in Schedule A, or, if for any reason beyond the
    Insurance Companys reasonable control the Contract Payment is not paid
    on a Contract Payment Date specified in Schedule A, the Contract
    Payment shall be paid on the first day thereafter that the System is
    open. The amount of the Contract Payment will equal the amount
    scheduled to be paid on the scheduled Contract Payment Date pursuant to
    Schedule A plus interest thereon at the Credited Interest Rate on the
    Guaranteed Fund from the date of the scheduled Contract Payment Date to
    the actual date of payment.
     
3.2
Surrender Value
     
    This Contract may not be surrendered nor will any funds be paid to the
    Owner under this Contract except in accordance with Schedule A at the
    times specified therein.
     
3.3
No Loans
     
    The Insurance Company will not make any loans on the security of this
    Contract.
     
ARTICLE IV
 
ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER
 
4.1
Assignment
     
    If the Contract is owned in a trust capacity, the Contract may be
    absolutely assigned by the Owner to a successor trustee without the
    Insurance Company's consent, provided the Insurance Company is notified
    in a timely manner and receives proper documentation of the assignment.
    The Contract may not otherwise be assigned by the Owner without the
    prior written approval of the Insurance Company.
     
    The Insurance Company may not abrogate its obligations under this
    Contract by assignment or otherwise.
 
3
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.2
Transfer
 
    This Contract has not been registered as a security under the
    Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or under any other federal or state
    laws relating to the registration of securities. This Contract may,
    therefore, be subject to securities laws restriction on its transfer
    and sale in addition to any such restrictions set forth in this
    Contract.
     
    ARTICLE V
     
    MISCELLANEOUS
     
5.1
Entire Contract
     
    This Contract, including Schedule A, any rider, endorsements, exhibits
    or amendments which may be attached hereto, constitutes the entire
    agreement between the Insurance Company and the Owner. There are no
    promises or obligations other than those contained herein.
     
    The Insurance Company may issue this Contract as duplicate originals.
    Originals so issued shall constitute the same contract and the
    Insurance Company's obligations shall not be increased or expanded due
    to the issuance of the duplicate originals.
     
5.2
Representations
     
    The Insurance Company shall be entitled to rely and act solely on the
    reports, directions, proofs, notices, elections and other information
    furnished it by the Owner or its agent, which shall be conclusive and
    binding as to all persons or corporations claiming an interest
    hereunder.
     
5.3
Notice
     
    Whenever any application, report, direction, request or election is
    made or notice or proof is given to the Insurance Company, it must be
    in writing and received by the Insurance Company. Such notice is to be
    hand delivered or sent by mail, telecopy, or other facsimile machine to
    ING Institutional Markets 1290 Broadway, Denver, CO 80203 or to fax
    #303-860-2690. An election shall be in a form satisfactory to the
    Insurance Company and if made and accepted shall not be subject to
    change or further election unless with the consent of the Insurance
    Company.
     
5.4
Currency
     
    All monies payable to or by the Insurance Company shall be payable in
    lawful money of the United States of America in immediately available
    funds via wire transfer.
 
4
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
5.5
Non-Waiver of Contract Provisions
     
    Failure of the Insurance Company to enforce any provision of this
    Contract at any particular time or in any particular circumstances
    shall not operate to waive or modify such provision; nor shall it in
    any manner render such provisions unenforceable at any other time or to
    any other occurrence, whether or not the circumstances are the same.
     
5.6
Status of Guaranteed Fund
     
    All monies under this Contract shall be part of the general corporate
    funds of the Insurance Company.
     
5.7
Ownership
     
    Subject to any statutory restrictions, the Owner shall have and
    exercise all rights, powers and privileges under this Contract. Nothing
    in this Contract shall confer any rights whatsoever to any third party,
    nor shall any of its terms be enforceable by any third party who is not
    a party to this Contract.
     
5.8
Non-Participating
     
    This Contract shall not participate or share in the earnings of the
    Insurance Company.
     
5
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

SCHEDULE A
 
This Schedule is attached to, and hereby incorporated into, Contract No.
IUS0296 (this Contract), issued by ING USA Annuity and Life Insurance
Company (the Insurance Company) to Lion Connecticut Holdings, Inc. (the
Owner).
 
1.
Definitions
         
 
(A)
Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or holiday) on 
which the Insurance Company, the Insurance Companys bank and the Federal 
Reserve wire transfer system are open for business.
     
 
(B)
Contract Payment means all payments to be made to the Contract Owner 
pursuant to the terms of this Contract. All Contract Payments are subject 
to the provisions of Section 3 of this Contract.
         
 
(C)
Contract Payment Date means each Reset Date and the Maturity Date. If a 
Contract Payment Date is not a Business Day, the Contract Payment will be 
made on the first Business Day thereafter.
         
 
(D)
Credited Interest Rate shall equal 5.43% as of the Effective Date. On each 
Reset Date the Insurance Company shall reset the Credited Interest Rate to 
equal the three-month London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) increased by 
0.05%. LIBOR shall be determined from the Bloomberg page BBAM1 under the 
column labeled Fixed USD at 11:00 AM London time on the date that is two 
Business Days and London banking days prior to such Reset Date. In the 
event that the Bloomberg discontinues reporting three-month LIBOR rates at 
the frequency required for the calculation of the Credited Interest Rate 
under this Section, the Insurance Company will select a comparable 
nationally published rate as a replacement. For purposes hereof, a London 
banking day means any day on which banking institutions in London, England 
are open for business.
         
 
(E)
Election Date means the date or dates on which the Owner may elect not to 
extend the Maturity Date of the Contract in accordance with the provisions 
in Section 5, which shall be the 10th day of each August that this Contract 
is in effect, whether or not any such date is a Business Day, beginning 
August 10, 2008 and ending with the first Election Date for which the Owner 
has provided an election notice to the Insurance Company.
         
 
(F)
Expiration Date means the date specified on Page 1, which is the date on 
which this Contract is scheduled to terminate or, if such day is not a 
Business Day, the immediately following Business Day.
 
8
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(G)
Interest Period means the period commencing on a Reset Date and ending on 
the earlier of day immediately prior to the next Reset Date or the Maturity 
Date, except that the first Interest Period shall commence on the Effective 
Date and end on the day immediately prior to the first Reset Date.
     
 
(H)
Maturity Date means August 10, 2009 or such later date to which the 
Maturity Date is extended in accordance with the provisions in Section 5 
below; provided, however that the Maturity Date may not be extended beyond 
the Expiration Date. All obligations of the Insurance Company terminate 
concurrent with its making the final Contract Payment on the earlier of the 
Maturity Date or the Expiration Date.
         
 
(I)
Reset Date means November 10, 2007 and the 10th day of each February, May, 
August and November thereafter, provided, that if such day is not a 
Business Day, the Reset Date shall be the immediately following Business 
Day.
     
2.
Interest Calculation
     
    Interest shall be earned on an actual/360 basis. The amount of interest
    earned for the Contract Payment shall be calculated as (a)*(b)*(c)
    where:
     
 
(a)
equals the current balance of the Single Deposit in the Guaranteed Fund,
 
(b)
equals the Credited Interest Rate, and
 
(c)
equals x/360, where x is the actual number of days interest has been 
earned during the relevant Interest Period.
 
3.
Schedule of Contract Payments
 
    On each Contract Payment Date, except the final Contract Payment Date,
    the Contract Payment amount shall equal the amount of interest earned
    on the Guaranteed Fund, but not yet paid. On the final Contract Payment
    Date, which is the Maturity Date, the Contract Payment amount shall
    equal the Guaranteed Fund balance as of such date.
     
4.
Contract Withdrawals Prior to Maturity
 
    The Owner may not make unscheduled withdrawals under this Contract.
 
5.
Extension of Maturity Date
 
 
(A)
On each Election Date, provided that the Insurance Company has not received 
from the Owner a notice not to extend the Maturity Date of this Contract in 
accordance with Section 5(B) below, the Maturity Date will automatically 
extend to the 10th of each August that is 12 months from the current 
Election Date.
 
9
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(B)
Subject to the following conditions, the Owner may elect, on an Election 
Date, not to extend the Maturity Date of this Contract.
             
 
(i)
In order to terminate the automatic extension of the Maturity Date, the 
Owner must deliver to the Insurance Company an election notice in the form 
provided herein under Exhibit 1 during the notice period for the applicable 
Election Date. The notice period for each Election Date will begin on the 5
th Business Day prior to the Election Date and end on that Election Date; 
provided, however, that if the Election Date is not a Business Day, the 
notice period will be extended to the next day that is a Business Day. The 
Owners election notice must be delivered to the Insurance Company no later 
than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last Business Day in the notice 
period.
 
 
(ii)
An election not to extend the Maturity Date shall apply to the entire 
Single Deposit.
         
 
(iii)
Upon delivery to the Insurance Company of an election notice not to extend 
the Maturity Date, that election will be revocable during each day of such 
notice period, until 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last Business 
Day in such notice period, at which time such election notice will become 
irrevocable.
 
 
(C)
If, on an Election Date, the Owner notifies the Insurance Company as 
provided herein that it is electing not to extend the Maturity Date, the 
balance of the Guaranteed Fund will become due and payable on the then 
current Maturity Date or, if such day is not a Business Day, the Business 
Day immediately following that date.
         
6.
Contract Termination  
     
    The Owner may not terminate this Contract prior to the Expiration Date.
    Monies in the Guaranteed Fund, not withdrawn in accordance with the
    provisions hereof, shall be paid out in accordance with the schedule
    for Contract Payments in Section 3 of this Schedule A.
 
10
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

7.
General
 
 
(A)
Insurance Companys Disclaimers
 
        It is expressly understood and agreed that the Insurance Company
        makes no representation as to the authority of the Owner to enter
        into or perform under this Contract or as to the legal or tax
        implications of the Contract for the Owner or any other person or
        entity. In performing its obligations hereunder, the Insurance
        Company is not acting as a fiduciary, agent, or other advisor or
        representative for the Owner or any other person or entity with
        respect to this Contract.                  
 
 
(B)
Owners Representations
 
        The Owner represents it has its own independent counsel, financial,
        and/or tax advisor, and acknowledges that it has not relied on any
        documentation, opinions, or representations, other than those in
        this Contract, from the Insurance Company or any of the Insurance
        Company's agents, employees, officers, or directors as to such
        consequences.
 
 
(C)
Amendments
        The Owner and the Insurance Company may mutually agree, in a
        writing signed by each party, to modify this Contract at any time.
        The Insurance Company may amend the Contract, upon providing the
        Owner with written notice thereof, to comply with applicable laws
        or regulations; provided, however, that such amendment will not
        remove nor modify any guarantee of the Single Deposit, interest
        earned and credited, and repayment of the Single Deposit made by
        the Insurance Company to the Owner hereunder.
         
 
(D)
Governing Law
 
        This Contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
        the laws of the State of Delivery specified on Page 1, without
        regard to its conflicts of law rules.
  
 
(E)
Book Value
         
        All Contract Payments made pursuant to this Schedule A will be made
        payable to the Owner and will be computed on a book value basis
        (i.e., deposits to this Contract, plus accrued interest, less
        previous Contract Payments, if any), without adjustment for
        investment gain or loss. Contract Payments made pursuant to this
        Schedule A will not be subject to any withdrawal or termination
        charges, penalties or expenses of any kind.
 
11
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(F)
Notice to the Owner:
         
Contact:
 
David Pendergrass
Lion Connecticut Holdings, Inc.
Address:
 
5780 Powers Ferry Road NW
Atlanta, GA 30327
Phone Number:
 
770-980-3312
         
 
(G)
The Owner, if an individual, acknowledges by signing the Contract that he 
or she has read the Contract and fully understands its provisions. If the 
Owner is an organization, the individual signing this Contract on its 
behalf acknowledges by such signing that he or she has read the Contract 
and fully understands its provisions and has determined that entering into 
this Contract is prudent and reasonable.
 
[End of Schedule A]
12
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Exhibit 1
 
Election Notice
 
Notice is hereby given to ING USA Annuity and Life Insurance Company (the 
Insurance Company) that the undersigned, as Owner of Guaranteed Funding 
Agreement Contract No. IUS0296 (the Contract) issued by the Insurance 
Company, elects not to extend the Maturity Date of the Contract in 
accordance with Section 5 of Schedule A of the Contract, beyond the 10th 
day of August, [20XX] provided such day is a Business Day, if not, then the 
immediately following Business Day.
 
For the purpose of this Election Notice, the current Election Date is the 
[XXth] day of [August, 20XX].
 
 
Dated:_____________________
 
 
LION CONNECTICUT
HOLDINGS, INC.
 
By:
 
Name:
 
Title:
 
 
 
Acknowledged by:
 
ING USA ANNUITY AND LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
 
By:
 
Name:
 
Title:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 