 EX-10.2 3 y42554exv10w2.htm EX-10.2: TRADEMARK LICENSE OF THE TEST DRIVE 
FRANCHISE


 

Exhibit 10.2


Trademark License Of The Test Drive Franchise

November 8, 2007

The following terms and conditions establish the agreement (the License) 
between Infogrames Entertainment S.A. (Licensee) and Atari, Inc. 
(Licensor) with respect to the Franchise (as defined below) until such 
time as superseded by the long-form agreement with respect to the subject 
matter hereof that is contemplated by the parties.
  	  	 
1. Franchise:
  	Franchise collectively shall mean the series of interactive computer 
and video games known as Test Drive and Test Drive Unlimited 
(including, but not limited to, all written expressions of the 
Licensor-published retail and other versions of such games, expansion 
packs, add-on products, and manuals, including, without limitation, as the 
foregoing are set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the Catalogue Titles), 
subject to any license limitations or restrictions thereon (which shall be 
handled in accordance with Section 7 of this License), and all intellectual 
property and proprietary rights owned or controlled by Licensor therein, 
including, without limitation, all programmers notes and development tools 
used to develop any such games, source code and object code of such games, 
copyrights, moral rights, inventions, patents, patent applications, trade 
secrets, design rights, domain names, logos, trademarks, service marks, and 
trade names owned or controlled by Licensor, and specifically including, 
but not limited to, those rights and elements (trademark registrations and 
applications, copyright registrations and applications, and domain names,) 
which are listed on Exhibit A1 hereto. Exhibit A includes Exhibit A1 and 
Exhibit A2. Exhibit A1 includes all of the elements of the Franchise that 
are owned or controlled by Licensor. All of the elements of the Franchise 
not owned or controlled by Licensor are listed in Exhibit A2.
 
  	 
2. Licensed Products:
  	The products set forth in Exhibit B hereto
 
  	 
3. Territory:
  	Worldwide
 
  	 
4. Effective Date:
  	November 8, 2007
 
  	 
5. Term:
  	Term shall mean the seven (7) year period commencing on the Effective 
Date. Licensees rights are exclusive during the Term. Upon the expiration 
or earlier termination of the Term, Licensee shall have a non-exclusive, 
six (6) month sell-off period. Notwithstanding the fact that Licensees 
rights are exclusive during the Term, commencing on the sixth (6th) 
anniversary of the Effective Date, Licensor may meet with third parties 
that desire to exploit Licensed Products incorporating, based on, or 
otherwise derived from any element(s) of the Franchise and grant such third 
parties licenses therein; provided that Licensor shall not grant any such 
third parties a right or license to publish, promote, market, advertise,

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
 
  	distribute, and otherwise exploit (other than the right to develop or 
manufacture) Licensed Products incorporating, based on, or otherwise 
derived from any element(s) of the Franchise prior to the expiration or 
earlier termination of the Term. Notwithstanding the foregoing, commencing 
on the sixth (6th) anniversary of the Effective Date, Licensor may take all 
other actions necessary to be in a position to publish, promote, market, 
advertise, distribute, and otherwise exploit the Franchise upon the 
expiration or earlier termination of the Term provided that all such 
actions must be conducted on a confidential, non-public basis and kept out 
of the public domain.
 
  	 
6. Nature of license:
  	Exclusive
 
  	 
7. License
  	Subject to receipt by Licensor of the Royalty Advance described below, 
and subject to the exceptions and restrictions expressly set forth in this 
License, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee the exclusive (even as to 
Licensor) right and license, under Licensors trademark rights, to create, 
develop, produce, publish, promote, market, advertise, manufacture, 
distribute, and otherwise exploit, during the Term, Licensed Products 
incorporating, based on, or otherwise derived from any element(s) of the 
Franchise. With respect to any third-party properties included in games or 
otherwise that are part of the Franchise (including, by way of illustration 
but not limited to, vehicle names and likenesses, music, actor name and 
likenesses, and third party software tools) that are listed on Exhibit A2, 
Licensee acknowledges that such properties are not part of the license 
grant hereunder. Licensor shall transfer or sublicense all licenses 
executed with such third parties which are transferable or sublicensable 
provided that any such transfer or sublicense does not impair Licensors 
ability to publish any of the Catalog Titles. However, Licensor shall not 
object to or prevent Licensee from licensing such materials from any such 
third parties (including, but not limited to, the waiving of exclusivity 
rights, if any) and shall, at Licensees request, offer reasonable 
assistance in facilitating any such third party licensing (including, but 
not limited to, offering introductions, contacts, and copies of third party 
contracts where not prohibited by confidentiality provisions). 
Additionally, Licensor shall provide a copy of any other documentation, 
including, but not limited to, relevant correspondences and file 
memorandums, bills, notices of breaches, disputes, that are material to the 
License in order to inform Licensee of the status of such contractual 
relationships between Licensor and such third parties.
 
  	 
 
  	No later than five (5) days after the Effective Date, Licensor shall 
deliver or otherwise make available to Licensee all of the items set forth 
on Exhibit D and Exhibit D1 hereto.
 
  	 
8. Reserved Rights:
  	Except for the Licensed Products created by or on behalf of Licensee, 
Licensor hereby reserves the sole and exclusive ownership of the Franchise. 
Subject to the distribution agreement referenced

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
 
  	below in Section 16 and notwithstanding the exclusive license grant 
described in Section 7, Licensor reserves the exclusive right to continue 
to distribute during the Term all of the Catalog Titles released prior to 
the Effective Date. This license is also subject to the existing licenses 
specified in Exhibit C hereto and to existing licenses relating to the 
Franchise granted by Licensee or its affiliates (other than Licensor and 
Licensors subsidiaries). All rights not expressly granted in this License 
are reserved by Licensor. As between Licensor and Licensee, Licensee shall 
be sole and exclusive owner of the Licensed Products created by or on 
behalf of Licensee excluding those elements or rights contained therein 
that are (x) in a Catalog Title and owned by Licensor or a third party or 
(y) set forth in Exhibit A. Except for Licensees ownership of the Licensed 
Products created by or on behalf of Licensee: (a) nothing contained in this 
License shall be construed as an assignment or grant to Licensee of any 
ownership right in or to the Franchise, or any other right, title, or 
interest in or to the Franchise, except as expressly set forth herein; (b) 
all uses of the Franchise shall inure to the benefit of Licensor; and (c) 
Licensee recognizes the value of the good will associated with the 
Franchise and acknowledges that the Franchise, and all rights therein and 
the good will pertaining thereto, belong exclusively to Licensor.
 
  	 
9. Wireless Platform
  	Notwithstanding the license grant described in Section 7 above, 
Licensees right with respect to Licensed Products playable on wireless 
devices, including, but not limited to, personal digital assistants and 
mobile, cell and satellite phones (the Wireless Platform) is limited, 
during the two (2) year period following the Effective Date, to the right 
to sublicense such right to an appropriate and qualified third party 
wireless game publisher on reasonable market terms. Licensee shall enter 
into such sublicense and cause the first Wireless Platform Licensed Product 
to be released in all major markets (i.e., United States and the major 
countries of the European Union) not later than six months after release of 
TDU2 (as hereinafter defined). Failure by Licensee to timely satisfy this 
commitment shall result in a reversion to Licensor of all rights with 
respect to Licensed Products on the Wireless Platform.
 
  	 
 
  	After the expiration of the two year period commencing on the Effective 
Date, Licensee may, with respect to Licensed Products playable on the 
Wireless Platform, either sublicense its right to an appropriate and 
qualified third party wireless game publisher on reasonable market terms 
and with no obligation as to the markets of release, or publish itself, or 
together with an appropriate and qualified third party partner, such 
Licensed Products.
 
10. Advance Royalty:
  	Licensee shall pay to Licensor a non-refundable fully recoupable advance 
against Royalties otherwise payable hereunder in the amount of Four Million 
Dollars (USD) ($4,000,000.00) (the Advance Royalty). The Advance Royalty 
shall be paid to Licensor within 5 (five) business days after signature of 
this License. The

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
 
  	Advance Royalty shall accrue interest at a yearly rate of fifteen 
percent (15%) throughout the Term (the Advance Royalty, as increased by 
interest, compounded annually, the Cumulative Advance Amount). The 
Cumulative Advance Amount shall be fully recoupable by Licensee from 
Royalties earned by and otherwise due to Licensor as per this License. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Licensor 
shall be required to repay any unrecouped portion of the Cumulative Advance 
Payment as part of the Liquidated Damages (as such term is defined in 
Section 21).
 
  	 
11. Royalties:
  	Licensee shall pay Licensor a base royalty rate of 7.2% of Net Revenue 
actually received by Licensee from the sale of the Licensed Products 
created by or on behalf of Licensee.
 
  	 
 
  	Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensee shall pay to Licensor, in lieu 
of the foregoing royalties, a royalty on Net Revenue actually received by 
Licensee from the exploitation of Licensed Products on the Wireless 
Platform created by or on behalf of its sublicensees in the amount of forty 
percent (40%) of Net Revenue.
 
  	 
12. Net Revenue:
  	All revenue received in connection with Licensed Products created by or 
on behalf of Licensee or its sublicensees less: (a) Chargebacks (as defined 
below) incurred by Licensee; (b) freight, taxes, insurance, duties, customs 
and brokerage fees incurred by Licensee; and (c) in the case of 
sublicenseing, agency fees, IP registration and protection and enforcement 
costs. Chargebacks are defined as price protections, returns, co-op, MDF 
and other customary deductions and discounts, taken or granted by Licensee 
to its customers specifically in connection with Licensed Products created 
by or on behalf of Licensee or its sublicensees, plus, except with respect 
to sublicensing revenue, an additional three percent (3%) of gross receipts 
deducted in order to reflect retailer-level deductions taken for early 
payment, volume discounts, and similar items, but excluding marketing 
expenses.
 
  	 
13. Performance Clause:
  	(A) Release Commitment. Licensee shall develop (and/or have developed) 
and commercially release (and/or have commercially released) in all major 
markets (i.e., United States and the major countries of the European 
Union): (i) one (1) interactive software game based on the Franchise 
(TDU2) for at least one Major Platform (as defined below) and the PC 
Platform within twenty (20) months of the Effective Date; and (ii) at least 
one additional interactive software game based on the Franchise (TDU3) 
for at least one Major Platform and the PC Platform within 60 months of the 
Effective Date. A Major Platform shall mean Xbox 360, PS3, Wii, or the 
successors to any of the foregoing. Each of the two (2) above-mentioned 
interactive software games satisfying the minimum commitment must be a new 
stand-alone game and not a port, expansion pack or episodic content.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
 
  	(B) Distribution Commitment. Licensee shall make and maintain 
commercially reasonable arrangements for the manufacture, distribution, 
sale and timely delivery of sufficient quantities of each Licensed Product 
to distributors and retailers in all major markets (i.e., United States and 
the major countries of the European Union) to meet the demands of the 
marketplace, and its obligations to distributors and retailers consistent 
with commercially sound business practices.
 
  	 
14. Premiums
  	No license is granted for the manufacture, sale or distribution of 
Licensed Products whose purpose is to be used exclusively as promotional 
items, in advergaming, or as Premiums, meaning any Licensed Products 
used exclusively for the purposes of increasing the sale of another item; 
promoting or publicizing any product or service; fundraising or as 
giveaways to motivate a sales force, merchant, consumer or any other person 
to perform a specific act; or acting as a tie-in.
 
  	 
15. Product Information/Quality
  	Licensee shall provide to Licensor, on an informational basis only, the 
game design and the final version of each Licensed Products created by or 
on behalf of Licensee or its sublicensees, as well as the contemplated 
marketing plans of said Licensed Products. Licensor shall inform Licensee 
in writing, with detailed comments and explanations of such comments within 
ten (10) business days of receipt of the submission by Licensee. Licensee 
will consider such comments and explanations that are timely submitted to 
it in writing. Licensor and Licensee representatives shall engage in one or 
more pre-production meetings for each Licensed Product.
 
  	 
 
  	The Licensed Products published by Licensee shall be of high quality and 
at least equivalent quality to the Catalog Title entitled Test Drive 
Unlimited after accounting for disparities in quality that exist due to 
inherent limitations in certain Platforms (e.g., the small screen size of 
mobile devices). All such Licensed Products shall include a proper 
trademark and/or copyright notices indicating Licensors ownership in the 
elements and rights licensed to Licensee under this License and contained 
in any Licensed Products published by Licensee in a form to be provided by 
Licensor, provided that the failure to include any such notice shall not be 
deemed to be a material breach of this License by Licensee where Licensees 
endeavors to promptly and prospectively correct such error.
 
  	 
16. Distribution of Catalog Titles:
  	For the duration of the present License, Licensor hereby grants to 
Licensee the exclusive right to distribute throughout the Territory 
(excluding the US, Canada, Mexico and their possessions) all the Catalog 
Titles. The terms and conditions of such distribution by Licensee will be 
the same as the existing ones in the distribution agreement dated December 
16, 1999 between Licensee and Licensor (the Distribution Agreement). 
Nothing in this License shall

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
 
  	affect the rights and obligations of Licensor and Licensee under the 
Distribution Agreement, the terms of which shall remain in full force and 
effect.
 
  	 
17. Warranties:
  	Licensor warrants and represents that:
 
 
  	- it has power and authority to enter into this License and that it has 
not entered and shall not enter into any other agreement that restricts or 
impairs, or could restrict or impair its ability to carry out in whole or 
in part the provisions of this License and the rights granted herein;
 
 
  	- it is the sole and unconditional owner of all right, title and 
interest in and to those elements and rights of the Franchise listed on 
Exhibit A1;
 
 
  	- except as otherwise expressly set forth on Exhibit A2, it was granted 
all the exploitation rights necessary to use those elements and rights of 
the Franchise in the manner in which the Franchise was exploited (other 
than by Licensee or Eden Studios) immediately prior to the Effective Date 
and has the authority to make the grant specified in Section 7 hereof;
 
 
  	- except as otherwise expressly set forth on Exhibit A2, it has obtained 
all the necessary consents to make the grant of rights covered by this 
License including, without limitation, from any persons performing services 
or granting rights in connection with the Franchise and that Licensee shall 
not be responsible for any report, charge, fee, royalty or any other 
payment to any person or entity in connection with the exploitation of the 
rights granted hereunder;
 
 
  	- the granting of the rights granted hereunder does not and will not 
violate or otherwise constitute a material breach of the terms and 
conditions of any other agreement entered into by Licensor that has not 
otherwise been waived;
 
 
  	- to Licensors Knowledge (as hereinafter defined), other than as set 
forth on Exhibit A1, there are no current or threatened claims, lawsuits, 
proceedings and/or other judicial or government actions anywhere in the 
world concerning the scope, validity, enforceability, ownership, 
infringement, misappropriation, use or misuse of any of the rights and/or 
licenses granted to Licensee under this License. Licensors Knowledge 
means the actual knowledge of Licensor after reasonable inquiry of the 
employees of Licensor at the level of vice president or higher, including, 
without limitation, Licensors officers;
 
 
  	- the exercise by Licensee or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, 
directors, representatives, employees and agents of the rights granted 
hereunder does not and shall not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise 
violate any third partys intellectual property or proprietary rights;
 
 
  	- it shall not act, nor cause any third party to act, in such manner as 
to disturb or interrupt, directly or indirectly, the quiet enjoyment by 
Licensee of the rights granted in this License;
 
 
  	- the information set forth on Exhibit A1 (other than those elements 
owned or controlled as of the date hereof by Licensee or Eden Studios) and 
Exhibit C (other than those existing licenses relating to the Franchise 
granted by Licensee or its affiliates (other than

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
 
  	Licensor and Licensors subsidiaries)) is complete and accurate in all 
material respects;
 
 
  	- to Licensors Knowledge, the information set forth on Exhibit A2 
(other than those elements owned as of the date hereof by Licensee or its 
affiliates (other than Licensor or Licensors subsidiaries)) and Exhibit D1 
is complete and accurate in all material respects;
 
 
  	- Licensor has paid all advances, royalties and other sums due to any 
third party pursuant to any agreement that Licensor is transferring to 
Licensee in accordance with the above provisions of Section 7;
 
 
  	- it shall indemnify and hold harmless Licensee, its affiliates, 
subsidiaries, assignees, directors, representatives, employees and agents, 
from and against any claim(s) of any third party whatsoever arising from a 
breach or alleged breach of any of Licensors representations or warranties 
hereunder; and
 
 
  	- it shall, at its own expense, proceed with the filings with the 
appropriate governmental bodies and bear the costs of registration and 
renewals of protection of the trademarks and copyrights included in the 
Franchise in such territories where any such trademarks and copyrights are 
registered (or where an application has been filed for such trademarks and 
copyrights) by Licensor as of the Effective Date.
 
  	 
 
  	Licensee represents and warrants that:
 
 
  	- it has power and authority to enter into this License and that it has 
not entered and shall not enter into any other agreement that restricts or 
impairs, or could restrict or impair its ability to carry out in whole or 
in part the provisions of this License and the rights granted herein;
 
 
  	- it shall not infringe or misappropriate Licensors intellectual 
property or proprietary rights in the Franchise or knowingly aid or abet 
anyone else in doing so;
 
 
  	- it shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensor, its affiliates, 
subsidiaries, assignees, directors, representatives, employees and agents, 
from and against any claim(s) of any third party whatsoever arising from 
(i) a breach or alleged breach of any of Licensees representations or 
warranties hereunder; or (ii) infringement of such third-partys 
intellectual property rights arising from any Licensed Product created by 
or on behalf of Licensee or any advertising or promotional materials used 
by Licensee in connection therewith (except to the extent that such 
infringement arises from any of those elements or rights of the Franchise 
listed on Exhibit A1 or any part of any such elements); or (iii) failure by 
Licensee to comply with any applicable law or regulation in the exercise by 
Licensee of the rights granted hereunder.
 
  	 
 
  	The representations and warranties of Licensor and Licensee shall 
survive any termination or expiration of this License.
 
  	 
18. Reporting; Reserve, Payment:
  	Licensee shall provide a detailed statement of royalties and shall pay 
to Licensor all Royalties due within forty-five (45) days after the end of 
each calendar quarter during the Term. Licensee may establish a Reserve 
Basket but in no event shall the Reserve Basket exceed

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
 
  	Twenty five Percent (25%) of the Royalty otherwise due to Licensor 
during each calendar quarter. Reserves shall be withheld every quarter and 
liquidated within the next 2 (two) subsequent calendar quarters. Licensor 
shall upon reasonable notice to Licensee, and in any event not less than 
thirty (30) days notice, have all customary audit rights, including, but 
not limited to, the right to access all records relating to the calculation 
of Royalties hereunder, at Licensees headquarters at any reasonable time 
during or within two years of the conclusion of the Term.
 
  	 
19. Governing law and venue:
  	Any controversy of claim arising out of or relating to the construction 
or applications of any term, provision, or condition of this License shall 
comply with and be governed in accordance with the laws of the state of New 
York as applicable to contracts made and performed entirely within the 
state of New York and shall be settled by final and binding arbitration, in 
New York, New York, under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American 
Arbitration Association. The number of arbitrators shall be one. The cost 
of arbitration shall be borne by the losing party or in such proportion as 
the arbitrator shall decide. Judgment on the award rendered by the 
arbitrator may be entered in any court in the world having jurisdiction.
 
  	 
20. Confidentiality:
  	Each party acknowledges that Confidential Information (as defined below) 
may be disclosed to the other party during the course of this License. Each 
party agrees that it will take reasonable steps, at least substantially 
equivalent to the steps it takes to protect its own proprietary 
information, during the term of the License, and for a period of three 
years following expiration or termination of the License, to prevent the 
duplication or disclosure of Confidential Information of the other party, 
other than by or to its employees or agents who must have access to such 
Confidential Information to perform such partys obligations hereunder 
and/or to exploit such partys rights granted to it hereunder, who will 
each agree to comply with this section.
 
  	 
 
  	Confidential Information means any information relating to or 
disclosed in the course of negotiating and implementing the License, which 
is, or should be reasonably understood to be, confidential or proprietary 
to the disclosing party, including, but not limited to, the content of 
negotiations between the parties, the material terms of the License, 
information about source code, product designs, sales, cost and other 
unpublished financial information, product and business plans, projections 
and marketing data. Confidential Information shall not include 
information (a) already lawfully known to or independently developed by the 
receiving party, (b) disclosed in published materials, (c) generally known 
to the public, (d) lawfully obtained from any third party not bound by a 
confidentiality obligation to the disclosing party or (e) required or 
reasonably advised to be disclosed by law.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
21. License Termination:
  	In the event that Licensee (i) fails to timely satisfy the release 
commitments set forth in Section 13(A) of this License; or (ii) fails to 
make timely payment of the Advance Royalty to Licensor as set forth in 
Section 10 of this License; or (iii) fails to pay Royalties to Licensor on 
a timely basis as set forth in Section 18 of this License; or (iv) commits 
a material breach of the quality commitments set forth in Section 15 of 
this License, that, as shown by proof by Licensor, causes a material damage 
to the Franchise as a whole; and any such breach set forth in the 
immediately preceding clauses (i), (ii) and/or (iii) is not cured within 
thirty (30) days of the receipt by Licensee of written notice thereof, and 
any such breach set forth in the preceding clause (iv) is not cured within 
ninety (90) days of the receipt by Licensee of written notice thereof 
through correcting any deficiency on future released Licensed Products, 
then the Licensor shall have the right to terminate this License, in whole 
or in part, immediately upon a second written notice to the Licensee, in 
addition to any other rights or remedies Licensor may have. In the event 
that Licensor materially breaches this License, and such breach is not 
cured within thirty (30) days of the receipt by Licensor of written notice 
thereof, then Licensee shall have the right to terminate this License, in 
whole or in part, immediately upon a second written notice to Licensor, in 
addition to any other rights or remedies Licensee may have.
 
  	 
 
  	Upon Licensees termination of the License in accordance with the 
immediately preceding paragraph, or in the event Licensee loses the benefit 
of the license granted hereunder or such license is otherwise terminated 
for any reason other than for the reasons in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) 
and/or (iv) set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph, the Licensor 
and Licensee agree to the following liquidated damages which Licensor shall 
pay to Licensee. The liquidated damages will be the sum of (a) the 
Cumulative Advance Amount then outstanding which has not been recouped by 
Licensee in accordance with Section 10, (b) all costs and expenses incurred 
by Licensee, including, but not limited to, research and development costs, 
in connection with the development of TDU2 and TDU3 which has not been 
amortized by Licensee, and (c) any indemnity which Licensee shall be 
entitled to under Section 17 (collectively, the Liquidated Damages). 
Licensee and Licensor acknowledge that the Liquidated Damages are 
reasonable under the circumstances existing on the Effective Date and 
reasonably approximate the amount of damages that would be sustained by 
Licensee as a consequence of Licensors material breach of this License and 
that it is impracticable or extremely difficult to determine the actual 
damages that would be sustained by Licensee as a result of Licensors 
material breach. The Liquidated Damage amounts provided for herein are not 
intended to constitute a forfeiture or penalty, but are instead intended to 
reflect Licensors and Licensees best estimate of Licensees actual 
damages.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
 
  	The terms and conditions of the following Sections will survive 
Licensors termination of this License or the rejection of the License in a 
Licensor bankruptcy case under the United States Bankruptcy Code as amended 
(the Bankruptcy Code) or other insolvency law: Sections 17, 19, 20, 21, 
22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30 and 31. In addition, the termination or 
expiration of this Agreement shall not relieve either party of any 
liability that accrued prior to such termination or expiration.
 
  	 
22. Grant of Security Interest:
  	Where applicable, and except as otherwise defined herein, terms used in 
this Section 22 shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Uniform 
Commercial Code as the same may be in effect in the State of New York (the 
UCC).
 
  	 
 
  	As security for the full payment and performance of Licensors 
obligations under the (i) License, including, without limitation, the 
payment of the Liquidated Damages and (ii) General Intellectual Property 
and Proprietary Rights (Other Than Trademark Rights) License of The Test 
Drive Franchise between the parties dated of even date herewith, including, 
without limitation, the Licensor Obligations (as such term is defined 
therein) payable thereunder (collectively (i) and (ii), the Obligations), 
Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a continuing security interest in all of 
Licensors right, title and interest in the following (the Collateral), 
whether now owned or hereafter acquired: (a) all intellectual property and 
proprietary rights owned by Licensor of every kind whatsoever in the 
interactive computer video game known as Test Drive Unlimited, including, 
without limitation, (x) all trademarks (including the goodwill associated 
with such trademarks), copyrights, patents and trade secrets, (y) the 
copyrights, trademarks (including the goodwill associated with such 
trademarks), and domain names described on Exhibit A1 of this License, and 
(z) all other intellectual property and proprietary rights in the 
interactive computer video game known as Test Drive Unlimited (including, 
without limitation, all versions, prequels, sequels, expansion packs, 
add-on products and manuals), (b) all rights (but not the obligation) to 
maintain claims for past, present and future infringements of the 
Collateral and the right to enforce the same, (c) all inventory and 
accounts receivable derived or realized from the interactive computer video 
game known as Test Drive Unlimited (including, without limitation, all 
versions, prequels, sequels, expansion packs, add-on products and manuals) 
and (d) all products and proceeds of any of the foregoing.
 
  	 
 
  	Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the liens and security 
interests granted to the Licensee pursuant to this License and the exercise 
of any right or remedy by Licensee hereunder be and hereby are junior in 
all respects to the liens, rights, security interests, and remedies granted 
to the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement dated as of November 
3, 2006, by and among the Administrative Agent, Atari, Inc. and the lenders 
from time to

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
 
  	time party thereto (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated, 
refinanced or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement), and the Loan 
Documents (as such term is defined in the Credit Agreement). Licensee 
represents and warrants that it shall execute and deliver, within five (5) 
business days of the date hereof, an intercreditor agreement, in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and Licensee (as 
amended, supplemented, amended and restated, or otherwise modified from 
time to time, the Intercreditor Agreement). In the event of any conflict 
between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and the grant of security 
interest to Licensee hereunder, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement 
shall govern and control. The liens and security interests granted to 
Licensee in the Collateral hereunder are a second priority security 
interest subject only in priority to the liens and security interests 
granted to the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement.
 
  	 
 
  	Licensor has all requisite power to execute, deliver and perform its 
obligations under this Section 22.
 
  	 
 
  	Licensee is authorized to file at any time financing statements, 
continuation statements, and amendments thereto, including, but not limited 
to, filings with the United States Copyright Office and United States 
Patent and Trademark Office or any other governmental agency, it deems 
necessary or desirable in order to secure and perfect its rights under this 
License.
 
  	 
 
  	At any time upon the request of the Licensee, Licensor shall execute and 
deliver to the Licensee any and all financing statements, original 
financing statements, in lieu of continuation statements, patent security 
agreements, copyright security agreements and trademark security 
agreements, that the Licensee may request, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Licensee, to create, perfect and continue perfected or 
to better perfect the Licensees security interest in the Collateral 
(whether now owned or hereafter arising or acquired, tangible or 
intangible), and in order to fully consummate all of the transactions 
contemplated hereby. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, 
Licensor authorizes the Licensee to execute any such documents in 
Licensors name and authorizes the Licensee to file such executed 
additional documents in any appropriate filing office.
 
  	 
 
  	After the execution of the Intercreditor Agreement, subject to the terms 
thereof, Licensor will join with Licensee in notifying any third party who 
has possession of any Collateral of Licensees security interest therein 
and obtaining an acknowledgment from the third party that it is holding the 
Collateral for the benefit of Licensee.
 
  	 
 
  	If and when Licensor shall obtain rights to any new patents, trademarks, 
service marks, trade names or copyrights, or otherwise acquire or become 
entitled to the benefit of, or apply for registration

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
 
  	of, any of the foregoing which comprise the Collateral, Licensor (i) 
shall promptly notify Licensee and (ii) hereby authorizes Licensee to 
modify, amend, or supplement Exhibit A-1 from time to time to include any 
of the foregoing and make all necessary or appropriate filings with respect 
thereto.
 
  	 
 
  	Licensor has rights in or the power to transfer the Collateral, and 
Licensor is the sole and complete owner of the Collateral, free from any 
mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, security interest, assignment, deposit 
arrangement, charge or encumbrance, lien or other type of preferential 
arrangement (collectively Lien), other than Liens granted under Credit 
Agreement and otherwise permitted under the Credit Agreement (collectively, 
Permitted Liens).
 
  	 
 
  	Licensor shall carry and maintain in full force and effect, at its own 
expense and with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, 
insurance with respect to the Collateral in such amounts, with such 
deductibles and covering such risks as is customarily carried by companies 
engaged in the same or similar businesses and owning similar properties in 
the localities where Licensor operates. Insurance on the Collateral shall 
name Licensee as additional insured and as loss payee.
 
  	 
 
  	Licensor shall keep the Collateral free of all Liens except Permitted 
Liens.
 
  	 
 
  	After execution of the Intercreditor Agreement, subject to the terms 
thereof, Licensor shall not surrender or lose possession of (other than to 
Licensee), sell, lease, rent, license or otherwise dispose of or transfer 
any of the Collateral or any right or interest therein.
 
  	 
 
  	Licensee shall have, in addition to all other rights and remedies given 
it by this License, those allowed by law and the rights and remedies of a 
secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in any 
jurisdiction in which either the Collateral may be located or is otherwise 
applicable.
 
  	 
 
  	After the execution of the Intercreditor Agreement, subject to the terms 
thereof, Licensee shall have the right to, in the name of Licensor, or in 
the name of Licensee or otherwise, upon notice to but without the 
requirement of assent by Licensor, and Licensor hereby constitutes and 
appoints Licensee (and any of Licensees officers, employees or agents 
designated by Licensee) as Licensors true and lawful attorney-in-fact, 
with full power and authority to: (a) sign and file any of the financing 
statements and other documents and instruments which must be executed or 
filed to perfect or continue perfected, maintain the priority of or provide 
notice of Licensees security interest in the Collateral; (b) assert, 
adjust, sue for, compromise or release any claims under any policies of 
insurance; and (c) execute any and all such other documents and 
instruments, and do any and all acts and things for and on behalf of 
Licensor,

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
 
  	which Licensee may deem reasonably necessary or advisable to maintain, 
protect, realize upon and preserve the Collateral and Licensees security 
interest therein and to accomplish the purposes of the security interest 
granted Licensee hereunder, it being understood and agreed that prior to 
execution of the Intercreditor Agreement, Licensee shall take no action 
described in clauses (b) and (c), or any other action to enforce the 
Obligations or otherwise realize on the Collateral. Licensee agrees that, 
except upon and following Licensees termination of the License in 
accordance with Section 21, or the rejection of the License in a Licensor 
bankruptcy case under the Bankruptcy Code, it shall not exercise the power 
of attorney, or any rights granted to Licensee, pursuant to clauses (b) and 
(c). The foregoing power of attorney is coupled with an interest and 
irrevocable so long as the Obligations have not been paid and performed in 
full. Licensor hereby ratifies, to the extent permitted by law, all that 
Licensee shall lawfully and in good faith do or cause to be done by virtue 
of and in compliance with this Section 22.
 
  	 
23. Limitation of Liability:
  	EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT (a) THAT A PARTY IS OBLIGATED TO INDEMNIFY THE 
OTHER PARTY FOR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT OR 
MISAPPROPRIATION, OR (b) LICENSOR IS OBLIGATED FOR LIQUIDATED DAMAGES (AS 
SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION 21), IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE 
LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE 
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR FOR THE LOSS OF ANTICIPATED PROFITS, EVEN IF 
NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY 
REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
 
  	 
24. Entire Agreement:
  	This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with 
respect to the subject matter hereof. Any modification of this License must 
be in writing and signed by both parties hereto.
 
  	 
25. Assignment & Sublicensing:
  	Licensee shall not assign any or all of the rights granted hereunder 
without the written approval of Licensor (which approval Licensor shall not 
unreasonably withhold, delay or condition), except that Licensee may, upon 
written notice to Licensor, assign or sublicense its rights and duties 
under this Agreement to any corporate entity that controls, is controlled 
by or is under the common control of Licensee. Except as set forth above, 
Licensee shall not have the right to sublicense all or any of the rights 
granted hereunder without the written approval of Licensor (which approval 
Licensor shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition), except that 
(a) Licensee shall have the right to sublicense the right to publish and 
distribute the Licensed Products on the Wireless Platform as set forth in 
Section 9 and (b) Licensee may grant third parties the right to exercise 
the rights granted to Licensee hereunder for the development, 
manufacturing, distribution, publishing, advertising, marketing and/or sale 
of the Licensed Products; provided, however,

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
 
  	if any such grant constitutes a de facto assignment, Licensee must 
obtain Licensors approval of such grant in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Section; provided further that Licensee shall not grant 
any sublicenses to any third party to develop Licensed Products based on 
the Franchise for such third partys benefit as publisher; and provided 
further that Licensee shall not be relieved of its responsibility hereunder 
and any such third party shall be bound by the terms of this License in 
performing its obligations. Any assignment or sublicense by Licensee 
hereunder shall not relieve Licensee of its obligations to Licensor. This 
License shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the 
respective successors and assigns of each party.
 
  	 
26. Binding Agreement:
  	The present License is intended to create a legally binding relationship 
between the parties.
 
  	 
27. Interpretation:
  	Section headings are included in this License solely for convenience and 
are not intended to affect interpretation of any provision of this License.
 
  	 
28. Waiver, Remedies:
  	No waiver by any party of any term or condition of this License shall be 
construed to be a waiver of such term or condition in the future, or of any 
preceding or subsequent breach of the same or any other term or condition 
of this License or any other agreement, nor shall any such waiver be 
binding unless written. All remedies, rights, undertakings, obligations and 
agreements contained in this License shall be cumulative, and none of them 
shall be in limitation of any other remedy, right, undertaking, obligation 
or agreement of any party to this License.
 
  	 
29. Severability:
  	Any provision of this License that is found by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to be void, invalid or unenforceable shall be curtailed and 
limited only to the extent necessary to bring such provision within the 
requirements of the law, and such finding and curtailment shall not affect 
the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this License.
 
  	 
30. Revival and Reinstatement of the Licensor Obligations:
  	If the incurrence or payment of Obligations by the Licensor or the 
transfer to the Licensee of any property should for any reason subsequently 
be declared to be void or voidable under any state or federal law relating 
to creditors rights, including provisions of the Bankruptcy Code relating 
to fraudulent conveyances, preferences, or other voidable or recoverable 
payments of money or transfers of property (collectively, a Voidable 
Transfer), and if the Licensee is required to repay or restore, in whole 
or in part, any such Voidable Transfer, or elects to do so upon the 
reasonable advice of its counsel, then, as to any such Voidable Transfer, 
or the amount thereof that the Licensee is required or elects to repay or 
restore, and as to all reasonable costs, expenses, and attorneys fees of 
the Licensee related

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
 
  	thereto, the liability of the Licensor, and the grant of security 
interest hereunder, automatically shall be revived, reinstated, and 
restored and shall exist as though such Voidable Transfer had never been 
made.
 
  	 
31. Notices:
  	All notices, statements and other documents, and all approvals or 
consents that any party is required or desires to give to any other party, 
shall be given in writing and shall be served in person, by express mail, 
by certified mail, by overnight delivery, or by facsimile at the respective 
addresses set forth below, or at such other addresses as may be designated 
by such party.
 
  	 
 
  	If to Licensor
 
  	 
 
  	     Atari, Inc.
 
  	     417 Fifth Avenue
 
  	     New York, New York 10016
 
  	     Attention: Legal Affairs
 
  	     Fax: 212.726.4214
 
  	 
 
  	With a copy to:
 
  	 
 
  	     Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP
 
  	     1 Chase Manhattan Plaza
 
  	     New York, New York 10005
 
  	     Attention: Thomas C. Janson
 
  	 
 
  	     Facsimile: (212) 530-5219
 
  	 
 
  	If to Licensee
 
  	 
 
  	     Infogrames Entertainment SA
 
  	     1 Place Verrazzano
 
  	     69252 Lyon Cedex 09
 
  	      France
 
  	     Attention: Legal Affairs
 
  	 
 
  	     Fax: +33 (0)4 37 64 30 95
 
  	 
 
  	With a copies to:
 
  	 
 
  	      VEIL JOURDE
 
  	     38, Rue de Lisbonne
 
  	     75008 Paris
 
  	     France
 
  	     Attention: Emmanuel Rosenfeld
 
  	 
 
  	     Fax: +33 (0)1 53 53 94 94
 
  	 
 
  	and

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

  	  	 
 
  	     Morrison & Foerster LLP
 
  	     1290 Avenue of the Americas
 
  	     New York, New York 10104-0050
 
  	     United States
 
  	     Attention: Michael B. Miller
 
  	 
 
  	      Fax: (212) 468-7900
 
  	 
 
  	Delivery shall be deemed conclusively made (i) at the time of service, 
if personally served, (ii) five days after deposit in the United States 
mail, properly addressed and postage prepaid, if delivered by express mail 
or certified mail, (iii) upon confirmation of delivery by the private 
overnight deliverer, if served by overnight delivery, and (iv) at the time 
of electronic transmission (with successful transmission confirmation), 
provided a copy is mailed within 24 hours after such transmission.

[The Next Page Is The Signature Page]

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED:
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ATARI, INC. 	  	  	  	INFOGRAMES ENTERTAINMENT S.A.
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
By:
  	/s/ Curtis G. Solsvig 	  	  	  	By: 	  	/s/ Patrick Leleu
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Name:
  	  	  	  	  	Name: 	  	Leleu Patrick
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Title:
  	  	  	  	  	Title: 	  	CEO
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 

 