 EX-10.1 2 exhibit10-1.htm REGULATION S SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT 10.1

THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT), AND ARE PROPOSED TO BE ISSUED IN 
RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT 
PROVIDED BY REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE ACT. UPON ANY SALE, SUCH 
SECURITIES MAY NOT BE REOFFERED FOR SALE OR RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S, PURSUANT TO AN 
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION 
FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE 
SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE ACT.

REGULATION S SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is made effective as of the 7th day of November, 2007.

BETWEEN:

THE SUBSCRIBER LISTED ON THE EXECUTION PAGE TO THIS
AGREEMENT

(hereinafter called the Subscriber)

OF THE FIRST PART

AND:

COLOURED (US) INC., a Nevada corporation

(hereinafter called the Company)

OF THE SECOND PART

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants 
contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS

1.1      Definitions. The following terms will have the following meanings 
for all purposes of this Agreement.

(a) Agreement shall mean this Agreement, and all schedules and amendments 
to in the Agreement.

(b) Common Stock means the Common Stock of the Company with a par value 
of $0.001 per share.

(c) Exchange Act shall mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended.

(d) Subscriber shall mean the Subscriber executing the signature page to 
this Agreement.

(e) Offering shall mean the offering of up to 4,000,000 shares of Common 
Stock by the Company.

(f) SEC shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

(g) SEC Filings means the reports, schedule, forms and other filings made 
by the Company with the SEC in accordance with its obligations under 
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, including its annual reports on 
Form 10-KSB, its quarterly reports on Form 10-QSB and its current reports 
on Form 8-K.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

- 2 

(h) Securities Act shall mean the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended.

(i) "Shares" means those Common Stock to be purchased by the Subscriber, as 
indicated on the signature page of this Agreement;

(j) Subscription Price means the subscription price of $0.05 per Share 
payable by the Subscriber to the Company in consideration for the purchase 
and sale of the Shares in accordance with Section 2.1 of this Agreement.

1.2      Schedules. The following schedules are attached to and form part 
of this Agreement:

Schedule A Definition of U.S. Person

1.3      Currency. All dollar amounts referred to in this agreement are in 
United States funds, unless expressly stated otherwise.

ARTICLE 2
PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES

2.1      Agreement to Subscribe. Subject to the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement, the Subscriber hereby subscribes for and agrees to purchase 
from the Company such number of Shares as is set forth upon the signature 
page hereof at the Subscription Price. Upon execution, the subscription by 
the Subscriber will be irrevocable.

2.2      Payment of Subscription Price. The Subscription Price is payable 
by the Subscriber contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this 
Subscription Agreement and will be advanced to the Company or its 
solicitors. The Subscriber acknowledges that if the funds are advanced to 
the Companys solicitors, the solicitors shall release such funds to the 
Company on confirmation by the Company that it will accept the 
subscription.

2.3      Acceptance by Company. Upon execution of this Agreement by the 
Company, the Company agrees to sell such Shares to the Subscriber for the 
Subscription Price subject to the Companys right to sell to the Subscriber 
such lesser number of Shares as it may, in its sole discretion, deem 
necessary or desirable.

2.4      Compliance with Securities Laws. Any acceptance by the Company of 
the Subscription is conditional upon compliance with all securities laws 
and other applicable laws of the jurisdiction in which the Subscriber is 
resident. Each Subscriber will deliver to the Company all other 
documentation, agreements, representations and requisite government forms 
required by the lawyers for the Company as required to comply with all 
securities laws and other applicable laws of the jurisdiction of the 
Subscriber.

2.5      Loan Pending Subscription. Pending acceptance of this subscription 
by the Company, all funds paid by the Subscriber shall be deposited by the 
Company and immediately available to the Company for its corporate 
purposes. In the event the subscription is not accepted, the subscription 
funds will constitute a non-interest bearing demand loan of the Subscriber 
to the Company.

2.6      Delivery of Certificates. The Subscriber hereby authorizes and 
directs the Company to deliver the Shares to be issued to such Subscriber 
pursuant to this Agreement to the Subscribers address indicated on the 
signature page of this Agreement.

2.7      No Minimum Subscription. The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees 
that the subscription for the Shares and the Companys acceptance of the 
subscription is not subject to any minimum subscription for the Offering.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

- 3 

ARTICLE 3
AGREEMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SUBSCRIBER

3.1      Exemption from Registration. The Subscriber acknowledges and 
agrees that the Shares will be offered and sold to the Subscriber without 
such offers and sales being registered under the Securities Act and will be 
issued to the Subscriber in an offshore transaction outside of the United 
States in accordance with a safe harbour from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act provided by Rule 903 of Regulation S of the 
Securities Act based on the representations and warranties of the 
Subscriber in this Agreement. As such, the Subscriber further acknowledges 
and agrees that all Securities will, upon issuance, be restricted 
securities within the meaning of the Securities Act.

3.2      Resales of Securities. The Subscriber acknowledges that that the 
Shares may not be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred except 
through an exemption from registration under the Securities Act or pursuant 
to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and in 
accordance with all applicable state securities laws and the laws of any 
other jurisdiction. The Subscriber agrees to resell the Shares only in 
accordance with the provisions of Regulation S of the Securities Act, 
pursuant to registration under the Securities Act, or pursuant to an 
available exemption from registration pursuant to the Securities Act. The 
Subscriber agrees that the Company will refuse to register any transfer of 
the Shares not made in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S of 
the Securities Act, pursuant to registration under the Securities Act, 
pursuant to an available exemption from registration. The Subscriber agrees 
that the Company may require the opinion of legal counsel reasonably 
acceptable to the Company in the event of any offer, sale, pledge or 
transfer of any of the Shares by the Subscriber pursuant to an exemption 
from registration under the Securities Act.

3.3      No Requirement to Register. The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees 
that the Company has no obligation to register the resale of the Shares 
pursuant to the Securities Act or to otherwise qualify the Shares for 
resale under any federal, state or provincial securities laws.

3.4      Hedging Transactions. The Subscriber agrees not to engage in 
hedging transactions with regard to the Shares unless in compliance with 
the Securities Act.

3.5      Share Certificates. The Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that 
all certificates representing the Shares will be endorsed with the 
following legend, or such similar legend as deemed advisable by legal 
counsel for the Company, to ensure compliance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act and to reflect the status of the Shares as restricted 
securities:

  	  	 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "ACT"), AND HAVE BEEN 
ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF 
THE ACT PROVIDED BY REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE ACT. SUCH SECURITIES 
MAY NOT BE REOFFERED FOR SALE OR RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION S, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES 
MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE ACT.

3.6      Representations and Warranties of the Subscriber. The Subscriber, 
represents and warrants to the Company as follows, and acknowledges that 
the Company is relying upon such covenants, representations and warranties 
in connection with the sale of the Shares to the Subscriber:

(a) The Subscriber is not a U.S. Person as defined by Regulation S of the 
Securities Act, as set forth in Schedule A of this Agreement.

(b) The Subscriber is not acquiring the Shares for the account or benefit 
of a U.S. Person.

(c) The Subscriber was not in the United States at the time the offer to 
purchase the Shares was received or at the time this Agreement was 
executed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

- 4 

(d) The Subscriber has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in 
business and financial matters such that it is capable of evaluating the 
merits and risks of the investment in the Shares. The Subscriber has 
evaluated the merits and risks of an investment in the Shares. The 
Subscriber can bear the economic risk of this investment, and is able to 
afford a complete loss of this investment.

(e) The Subscriber acknowledges that the Company is in the early stages of 
development of its business and the Companys success is subject to a 
number of significant risks, including the risk that the Company will not 
be able to finance its plan of operations and that the Companys business 
plan will not succeed. The Subscriber acknowledges that any forward-looking 
information provided by the Company to the Subscriber are subject to risks 
and uncertainties and that the Companys actual results may differ 
materially from the results anticipated.

(f) The Shares will be acquired by the Subscriber for investment for the 
Subscriber's own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to 
the resale or distribution of any part thereof, and that the Subscriber has 
no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or 
otherwise distributing the same. The Subscriber does not have any contract, 
undertaking, agreement or arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or 
grant participations to such person or to any third person, with respect to 
any of the Shares.

(g) The Subscriber has received or has had full opportunity to review the 
SEC Filings. The Subscriber has had full opportunity to ask questions and 
receive answers from representatives of the Company regarding the SEC 
Filings, the terms and conditions of the Offering and the business, 
properties, prospects and financial condition of the Company, each as is 
necessary to evaluate the merits and risks of investing in the Shares. The 
Subscriber believes it has received all the information it considers 
necessary or appropriate for deciding whether to purchase the Shares. The 
Subscriber has had full opportunity to discuss this information with the 
Subscribers legal and financial advisers prior to execution of this 
Agreement.

(h) The Subscriber acknowledges that the Shares will be offered and sold 
without registration under the Securities Act in a private placement that 
is exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act based on 
the truth and accuracy of the representations of the Subscriber. The 
Subscriber understands that the Shares the Subscriber is purchasing are 
characterized as restricted securities under the Securities Act inasmuch 
as they are being acquired from the Company in a transaction not involving 
a public offering and that under such laws and applicable regulations such 
securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act only 
in certain limited circumstances. In this connection, the Subscriber 
represents that it is familiar with SEC Rule 144, as presently in effect, 
and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by the 
Securities Act. The Subscriber further acknowledges that the offering of 
the Shares by the Company has not been reviewed by the SEC or any state or 
provincial securities regulatory authority.

(i) The Subscriber has satisfied himself or herself as to the full 
observance of the laws of his or her jurisdiction in connection with any 
invitation to subscribe for the Shares or any use of this Agreement, 
including (i) the legal requirements within his jurisdiction for the 
purchase of the Shares; (ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable 
to such purchase; (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to 
be obtained; (iv) the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that 
may be relevant to an investment in the Shares; and (v) any restrictions on 
transfer applicable to any disposition of the Shares imposed by the 
jurisdiction in which the Subscriber is resident.

(j) The Subscriber has not purchased the Shares as a result of any form of 
general solicitation or general advertising, including advertisements, 
articles, notices or other communications published in any newspaper, 
magazine or similar media or broadcast over radio, television or other form 
of telecommunications, or any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been 
invited by general solicitation or general advertising.

(k) This Agreement has been duly authorized, validly executed and delivered 
by the Subscriber and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of 
the Subscriber enforceable against the Subscriber in accordance with its 
terms.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

- 5 

ARTICLE 4
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

4.1      Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company 
represents and warrants to the Subscriber and acknowledges that the 
Subscriber is relying upon such representations and warranties in 
connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement:

(a) The Company is a corporation duly incorporated and in good standing 
under the laws of the State of Nevada, and has the requisite corporate 
power and authority to conduct its business as it is currently being 
conducted, to enter into this Agreement and to sell the Shares to the 
Subscriber.

(b) The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement has been 
duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company, and no 
further consent or action is required by the Company, its board of 
directors or its stockholders.

(c) The issuance of the Shares has been duly authorized by all necessary 
corporate action of the Company.

(d) Upon payment of the Subscription Price and issuance in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Shares will be validly 
issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Companys common stock.

(e) The existing stockholders of the Company have no pre-emptive or similar 
rights to purchase shares of Common Stock from the Company.

(f) The issue and sale of the Shares by the Company does not and will not 
conflict with, and does not and will not result in a breach of, any of the 
terms of its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or any agreement or 
instrument to which the Company is a party.

ARTICLE 5
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

5.1      Effectiveness of Representations; Survival. Each party is entitled 
to rely on the representations, warranties and agreements of each of the 
other parties and all such representation, warranties and agreement will be 
effective regardless of any investigation that any party has undertaken or 
failed to undertake. The representation, warranties and agreements will 
survive the purchase and sale of the Shares.

5.2      Further Assurances. Each of the parties hereto will cooperate with 
the others and execute and deliver to the other parties hereto such other 
instruments and documents and take such other actions as may be reasonably 
requested from time to time by any other party hereto as necessary to carry 
out, evidence, and confirm the intended purposes of this Agreement.

5.3      Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended except by an 
instrument in writing signed by each of the parties.

5.4      Expenses. Each party to this Agreement will bear its respective 
expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, execution, and 
performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, 
including all fees and expenses of agents, representatives, counsel, and 
accountants.

5.5      Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement 
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede 
all prior arrangements and understandings, both written and oral, expressed 
or implied, with respect thereto. Any preceding correspondence or offers 
are expressly superseded and terminated by this Agreement.

5.6      Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement is held 
to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision will be excluded 
from this Agreement and the balance of this Agreement will be enforceable 
in accordance with its terms.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

- 6 

5.7 Notices. All notices and other communications required or permitted 
under to this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed given if sent 
by personal delivery, faxed with electronic confirmation of delivery, 
internationally-recognized express courier or registered or certified mail 
(return receipt requested), postage prepaid, to the parties at the 
following addresses (or at such other address for a party as will be 
specified by like notice):

  	If to the Subscriber:
  	  	 
  	  	AT THE ADDRESS SET FORTH ON THE
  	  	SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIS AGREEMENT
  	  	 
  	If to the Company:
  	  	 
  	  	COLOURED (US) INC.
  	  	Attention: Mr. Lars Brannvall, President
  	  	Suite 3.19, MLS Business Centre
  	  	130 Shaftesbury Avenue
  	  	London, UK W1D 5EU

All such notices and other communications will be deemed to have been 
received (a) in the case of personal delivery, on the date of such 
delivery, (b) in the case of a fax, when the party sending such fax has 
received electronic confirmation of its delivery, (c) in the case of 
delivery by internationally-recognized express courier, on the business day 
following dispatch and (d) in the case of mailing, on the fifth business 
day following mailing.

5.8      Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for 
convenience purposes only and will not affect in any way the meaning or 
interpretation of this Agreement.

5.9      Benefits. This Agreement is and will only be construed as for the 
benefit of or enforceable by those persons party to this Agreement.

5.10    Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned (except by operation 
of law) by any party without the consent of the other parties.

5.11    Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada applicable to contracts 
made and to be performed therein.

5.12    Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to 
be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and 
no rule of strict construction will be applied against any party.

5.13    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, all of which will be considered one and the same agreement 
and will become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by 
each of the parties and delivered to the other parties, it being understood 
that all parties need not sign the same counterpart.

5.14    Fax Execution. This Agreement may be executed by delivery of 
executed signature pages by fax and such fax execution will be effective 
for all purposes.

5.15    Schedules and Exhibits. The schedules and exhibits are attached to 
this Agreement and incorporated herein.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

- 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Subscription Agreement is executed as of the day 
and year first written above.

Number of Shares Subscribed for: 	  	4,000,000 Shares
  	  	 
Subscription Price (per Shares): 	  	US$ 0.05 per Share
  	  	 
Total Subscription Price: 	  	US$ 200,000
  	  	 
Signature of Subscriber or Authorized Signatory of 	  	/s/ C. Marechal 	
/s/ M. Bringold
Subscriber: 	  	  	 
Name of Authorized Signatory of 	  	C. Marechal 	M. Bringold
Subscriber (if applicable): 	  	  	 
Title of Authorized Signatory of 	  	Senior Vice President 	Deputy Vice 
Presiden
Subscriber (if applicable): 	  	  	 
Name of Subscriber: 	  	Banque SCS Alliance SA
  	  	 
Address of Subscriber: 	  	Route de Chancy 6B, Case postale
  	  	 
  	  	CH-1211 GENÉVE 8
  	  	 
Telephone No. 	  	+41 22 839 74 68
  	  	 
ACCEPTED BY: 	  	 
COLOURED (US) INC. 	  	 
Signature of Authorized Signatory: 	  	/s/ Lars Brannvall
  	  	 
Name of Authorized Signatory: 	  	Lars Brannvall
  	  	 
Position of Authorized Signatory: 	  	President
  	  	 
Date of Acceptance: 	  	7/11 2007

------------------------------------------------------------------------

SCHEDULE A

DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON

A U.S. Person is defined by Regulation S of the Act to be any person who 
is:

  	(a) 	

any natural person resident in the United States;

  	  	  	 
  	(b) 	

any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of 
the United States;

  	  	  	 
  	(c) 	

any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person;

  	  	  	 
  	(d) 	

any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person;

  	  	  	 
  	(e) 	

any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States;

  	  	  	 
  	(f) 	

any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or 
trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporate, or (if 
an individual) resident in the United States; and

  	  	  	 
  	(g) 	

any partnership or corporation if:

  	  	  	 
  	 	(i) 	

organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and

  	  	  	 
  	 	(ii) 	

formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in 
securities not registered under the Act, unless it is organized or 
incorporated, and owned, by accredited Subscribers [as defined in Section 
230.501(a) of the Act] who are not natural persons, estates or trusts.


------------------------------------------------------------------------