 EX-10.1 2 k21372exv10w1.htm FIRST AMENDMENT OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
BETWEEN CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND EXPRESS-1 EXPEDITED SOLUTIONS, INC.


 

Exhibit 10.1


AMENDMENT #1
TO
EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

     Reference is made to the Executive Employment Agreement (the 
Agreement) dated August ___, 2005, by and among Segmentz, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation (currently known as Express-1 Expedited Solutions, 
Inc., the Company), and Mark Patterson (the Executive). The Company and 
the Executive are referred to collectively herein as the Parties. All 
capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set 
forth in the Agreement.

     1.     Salary.     The Parties hereby agree that Section 5(a) of the 
Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

      	       	a.     The Executive shall be paid a base salary (the Base 
Salary) at an annual rate of $145,000. The Base Salary shall be reviewed 
annually throughout the Term by the Companys compensation committee and 
may be raised at its sole discretion.

     2.     Bonus.     The Parties hereby agree that Section 5(c) of the 
Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

      	       	c.     Performance Based Bonus.     As additional 
compensation, the Executive shall be entitled to receive a bonus (Bonus) 
for each year during the Term of the Executives employment by the Company, 
and based upon the Companys executive bonus plan as adopted and amended 
from time-to-time by the Companys Board of Directors. The amount any Bonus 
shall be determined based upon performance targets set annually by the 
compensation committee of the Board of Directors.

     3.     Consequences of Termination of Employment.     The Parties 
hereby agree as follows:

             (a)     Termination by the Company Other than for Cause.     
The 3rd sentence of Section 6(d) of the Agreement is hereby deleted and 
replaced with the following:

           	            	In the event of a termination under this Section 
6(d), the Executive shall receive any Bonus that has been earned as of the 
date of termination, plus Base Salary only (i.e. no fringe benefits, 
additional Bonus, or other compensation) for the one year period following 
termination.

             (b)     Termination Following a Change of Control.     
Subsection (a) of Section 6(f) of the Agreement is hereby deleted and 
replaced with the following:

           	            	(a)     In the event that a Change in Control 
of the Company shall occur at any time during the Term hereof, the 
Executive shall have the right to terminate the Executives employment 
under this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice given at 
any time within one year after the occurrence of such event, and such 
termination of the Executives employment with the Company pursuant to this 
Section 6(f), and, in any such event Executive shall be entitled to (A) 
vesting of all options; (B) any Bonus that has been earned as of the date 
of termination; and (C) Base Salary only (i.e. no fringe benefits, 
additional Bonus, or other compensation) for the one year period following 
termination.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     4.     Sole Amendments.     The Parties hereby agree that except as 
modified herein, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

     5.     Counterparts.     This Amendment #1 to Executive Employment 
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the 
same instrument.

     6.     Governing Law.     This Amendment #1 to Executive Employment 
Agreement shall be deemed made and entered into in the State of Michigan 
and shall be governed and construed under and in accordance with the laws 
of the State of Michigan.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this 
Amendment #1 to Executive Employment Agreement to be executed as of 
September ___, 2007.
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	
Express-1 Expedited Solutions, Inc.
  	  	  	  	
 
  	  	Sign: 	  	
/s/ Mike Welch
  	  	  	  	
 
  	  	Name: 	  	
Mike Welch
  	  	  	  	
 
  	  	Title: 	  	
Chief Executive Officer
  	  	  	  	
 
  	  	  	  	
 
  	  	
/s/ Mark Patterson
  	  	
 
  	  	
Mark Patterson

2