 EX-10.1 9 v092656_ex10-1.htm
(10)(1) Subscription Agreement for Securities

 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
 
 
THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), is dated as of October 23, 
2007, by and among Attitude Drinks Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “
Company”), and the subscribers identified on the signature page hereto 
(each a “Subscriber” and collectively “Subscribers”).
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Subscribers are executing and delivering this 
Agreement in reliance upon an exemption from securities registration 
afforded by the provisions of Section 4(2), Section 4(6) and/or Regulation 
D (“Regulation D”) as promulgated by the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “1933 Act”).
 
WHEREAS, the parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions contained herein, the Company shall issue and sell to the 
Subscribers, as provided herein, and the Subscribers, in the aggregate, 
shall purchase for up to $1,200,000 (the "Purchase Price") of principal 
amount of promissory notes of the Company (“Note” or “Notes”), a form of 
which is annexed hereto as Exhibit A, convertible into shares of the 
Company's Common Stock, $0.001 par value (the "Common Stock") at a per 
share conversion price set forth in the Note (“Conversion Price”); and 
share purchase warrants (the “Warrants”), in the form annexed hereto as 
Exhibit B, to purchase shares of Common Stock (the “Warrant Shares”). The 
Notes, shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes (the “
Shares”), the Warrants and the Warrant Shares are collectively referred to 
herein as the "Securities"; and
 
WHEREAS, the aggregate proceeds of the sale of the Notes and the Warrants 
contemplated hereby shall be held in escrow pursuant to the terms of a 
Funds Escrow Agreement to be executed by the parties substantially in the 
form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the “Escrow Agreement”).
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and other 
agreements contained in this Agreement the Company and the Subscribers 
hereby agree as follows:
 
1.    (a) Closing Dates. The “Initial Closing Date” shall be the date that 
the Initial Closing Purchase Price is transmitted by wire transfer or 
otherwise credited to or for the benefit of the Company. The consummation 
of the transactions contemplated herein shall take place at the offices of 
Grushko & Mittman, P.C., 551 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1601, New York, New York 
10176, upon the satisfaction or waiver of all conditions to closing set 
forth in this Agreement. Not later than ten (10) calendar days after the 
Initial Closing Date, the Company will file a Form 10-SB or Form 8-K 
containing the consolidated financial statements of Attitude Drinks Inc., 
and its wholly owned subsidiary Attitude Drink Company, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation. Each of the Initial Closing Date and Second Closing Date (as 
defined in Section 1(c) below) is referred to herein as a “Closing Date.”

   (b) Initial Closing. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement, on the Initial Closing Date, each 
Subscriber shall purchase and the Company shall sell to each Subscriber a 
Note in the principal amount set forth on the signature page hereto (“
Initial Closing Notes”), and Warrants as described in Section 2 of this 
Agreement (“Initial Closing Warrants”). The principal amount of the Notes 
to be purchased by the Subscribers on the Initial Closing Date shall be Six 
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($600,000) (the “Initial Closing Purchase Price
”).

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c) Second Closing. The “Second Closing Date” shall be on or before the 
fifth business day after the compliance with the Second Closing Condition 
as defined in Section 1(d) of this Agreement (the “Second Closing Date”). 
Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to Closing,
on the Second Closing Date, each Subscriber shall purchase and the Company 
shall sell to each Subscriber a Note in the principal amount set forth on 
the signature page hereto (“Second Closing Notes”) and Warrants as 
described in Section 2 of this Agreement (“Second Closing Warrants”). The 
Second Closing Notes shall be of the same tenor as the Notes issuable on 
the Initial Closing Date and have the same maturity date as the Initial 
Closing Notes. The principal amount of the Notes to be purchased by the 
Subscribers on the Second Closing Date shall be Six Hundred Thousand 
Dollars ($600,000) (the “Second Closing Purchase Price”).

(d) Conditions to Second Closing. The occurrence of the Second Closing is 
expressly contingent on (i) compliance with the Second Closing Condition, 
(ii) the truth and accuracy, on the Second Closing Date of the 
representations and warranties of the Company and Subscriber contained in 
this Agreement except for changes that do not constitute a Material Adverse 
Effect (as defined in Section 5(a)), (iii) continued compliance with the 
covenants of the Company set forth in this Agreement, and (iv) the 
non-occurrence of any Event of Default (as defined in the Note and this 
Agreement) or an event that with the passage of time or the giving of 
notice could become an Event of Default. “Second Closing Condition” shall 
mean the actual effectiveness of the Registration Statement as defined in 
Section 11.1 hereunder. A Second Closing will not take place in connection 
with any amount of Second Closing Notes for which sufficient Shares have 
not been registered in an effective Registration Statement as of the Second 
Closing Date.
 
(e) Second Closing Deliveries. On the Second Closing Date, the Company will 
deliver a certificate (“Second Closing Certificate”) signed by its chief 
executive officer and chief financial officer (i) representing the truth 
and accuracy of all the representations and warranties made by the Company 
contained in this Agreement, as of the Initial Closing Date, and the Second 
Closing Date as if such representations and warranties were made and given 
on all such dates, except for changes that do not constitute a Material 
Adverse Effect, (ii) certifying that the information contained in the 
schedules and exhibits hereto is substantially accurate as of the Second 
Closing Date, except for changes that do not constitute a Material Adverse 
Effect, (iii) adopting and renewing the covenants and representations set 
forth in Sections 5, 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12 of this Agreement in relation to 
the Second Closing Date, Second Closing Notes, and Second Closing Warrants, 
(iv) representing timely compliance by the Company with the Second Closing 
Condition, (v) representing the timely compliance by the Company with the 
Company’s applicable registration requirements set forth in Section 11 of 
this Agreement except as described in Section 1(c) above, and (vi) 
certifying that an Event of Default or an event that with the passage of 
time or the giving of notice could become an Event of Default except as 
described in Section 1(c) above, has not occurred. A legal opinion nearly 
identical to the legal opinion referred to in Section 6 of this Agreement 
shall be delivered to each Subscriber at the Second Closing in relation to 
the Company, Second Closing Notes and Second Closing Warrants (“Second 
Closing Legal Opinion”).
 
2. Warrants. On the Closing Date, the Company will issue and deliver Class 
A Warrants to the Subscribers. One Class A Warrant will be issued for each 
Share which would be issued on the Closing Date assuming the complete 
conversion of the Note on the Closing Date at the Conversion Price. The 
exercise price to acquire a Warrant Share upon exercise of a Class A 
Warrant shall be equal to $0.50, subject to reduction as described in the 
Class A Warrant. Upon exercise of a Class A Warrant, the holder of the 
Warrant shall receive one Warrant Share and Class B Warrant. The exercise 
price of such Class B Warrant shall be equal to 150% of the exercise price 
of the Class A Warrant in effect at the time of such exercise, subject to 
reduction as described in the Class B Warrant. The Warrants shall be 
exercisable until five years after the issue date of the Warrants. Each 
holder of the Warrants is granted the registration rights set forth in this 
Agreement. The Warrant exercise price and number of Warrant Shares issuable 
upon exercise of the Warrants shall be equitably adjusted to offset the 
effect of stock splits, stock dividends, and similar events, and as 
otherwise described in this Agreement and the Warrant.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
3. Security Interest. The Subscribers will be granted a security interest 
in the assets of the Company, including ownership of the Subsidiaries (as 
defined in Section 5(a) of this Agreement) and in the assets of the 
Subsidiaries, which security interest will be memorialized in a “Security 
Agreement,” a form of which is annexed hereto as Exhibit D. The 
Subsidiaries will guarantee the Company’s obligations under the Transaction 
Documents [as defined in Section 5(c)]. Such guaranties will be 
memorialized in a “Subsidiary Guaranty”, the form of which is annexed 
hereto as Exhibit E. The Company will execute such other agreements, 
documents and financing statements reasonably requested by the Subscribers 
to memorialize and further protect the security interest described herein, 
which will be filed at the Company’s expense with the jurisdictions, states 
and counties designated by the Subscribers. The Subscribers will appoint a 
Collateral Agent to represent them collectively in connection with the 
security interests to be granted to the Subscribers. The appointment of the 
Collateral Agent in connection with the Security Agreement will be pursuant 
to a “Collateral Agent Agreement,” a form of which is annexed hereto as 
Exhibit F.

4. Subscriber Representations and Warranties. Each Subscriber hereby 
represents and warrants to and agrees with the Company only as to such 
Subscriber that:

(a) Organization and Standing of the Subscribers. If such Subscriber is an 
entity, such Subscriber is a corporation, partnership or other entity duly 
incorporated or organized, validly existing and in good standing under the 
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization.

(b) Authorization and Power. Such Subscriber has the requisite power and 
authority to enter into and perform this Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents and to purchase the Notes and Warrants being sold to 
it hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents by such Subscriber and the consummation by 
it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly 
authorized by all necessary corporate or partnership action, and no further 
consent or authorization of such Subscriber or its Board of Directors, 
stockholders, partners, members, as the case may be, is required. This 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents have been duly authorized, 
executed and delivered by such Subscriber and constitutes, or shall 
constitute when executed and delivered, a valid and binding obligation of 
such Subscriber enforceable against such Subscriber in accordance with the 
terms thereof.
 
(c) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement 
and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation by such Subscriber 
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby or relating hereto do 
not and will not (i) result in a violation of such Subscriber’s charter 
documents or bylaws or other organizational documents or (ii) conflict 
with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of 
time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of 
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of any agreement, 
indenture or instrument or obligation to which such Subscriber is a party 
or by which its properties or assets are bound, or result in a violation of 
any law, rule, or regulation, or any order, judgment or decree of any court 
or governmental agency applicable to such Subscriber or its properties 
(except for such conflicts, defaults and violations as would not, 
individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on such 
Subscriber). Such Subscriber is not required to obtain any consent, 
authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any 
court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform 
any of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents or to purchase the Securities in accordance with the terms 
hereof, provided that for purposes of the representation made in this 
sentence, such Subscriber is assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the 
relevant representations and agreements of the Company herein.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(d) Information on Company. Such Subscriber has been furnished with or has 
had access at the EDGAR Website of the Commission to the Company's audited 
financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2007 (hereinafter 
referred to collectively as the "Reports"). Such financial statements were 
prepared pursuant to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United 
States and fairly present in all material respects the financial position 
of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, if any, as of and for the 
dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods 
then ended, subject to normal, immaterial adjustments. In addition, such 
Subscriber may have received in writing from the Company such other 
information concerning its operations, financial condition and other 
matters as such Subscriber has requested in writing, identified thereon as 
OTHER WRITTEN INFORMATION (such other information is collectively, the "
Other Written Information"), and considered all factors such Subscriber 
deems material in deciding on the advisability of investing in the 
Securities.
 
(e) Information on Subscriber. Such Subscriber is, and will be at the time 
of the conversion of the Notes and exercise of the Warrants, an "
accredited investor", as such term is defined in Regulation D promulgated 
by the Commission under the 1933 Act, is experienced in investments and 
business matters, has made investments of a speculative nature and has 
purchased securities of United States publicly-owned companies in private 
placements in the past and, with its representatives, has such knowledge 
and experience in financial, tax and other business matters as to enable 
such Subscriber to utilize the information made available by the Company to 
evaluate the merits and risks of and to make an informed investment 
decision with respect to the proposed purchase, which represents a 
speculative investment. Such Subscriber has the authority and is duly and 
legally qualified to purchase and own the Securities. Such Subscriber is 
able to bear the risk of such investment for an indefinite period and to 
afford a complete loss thereof. The information set forth on the signature 
page hereto regarding such Subscriber is accurate.
(f) Purchase of Notes and Warrants. On each Closing Date, such Subscriber 
will purchase the Notes and Warrants as principal for its own account for 
investment only and not with a view toward, or for resale in connection 
with, the public sale or any distribution thereof.
 
(g) Compliance with Securities Act. Such Subscriber understands and agrees 
that the Securities have not been registered under the 1933 Act or any 
applicable state securities laws, by reason of their issuance in a 
transaction that does not require registration under the 1933 Act (based in 
part on the accuracy of the representations and warranties of such 
Subscriber contained herein), and that such Securities must be held 
indefinitely unless a subsequent disposition is registered under the 1933 
Act or any applicable state securities laws or is exempt from such 
registration. Such Subscriber will comply with all applicable rules and 
regulations in connection with the sales of the Securities including laws 
relating to short sales.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(h) Shares Legend. The Shares, and the Warrant Shares shall bear the 
following or similar legend:
 
       "THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
       CERTIFICATE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
       1933, AS AMENDED, NOR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE
       SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR
       ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
       STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
       AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE
       SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT
       REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD
       PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING
       THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A
       BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT
       SECURED BY THE SECURITIES."
        
       (i) Warrants Legend. The Warrants shall bear the following or
       similar legend:
 
       "NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
       CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE
       EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
       AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY
       NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE
       ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE
       SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN
       OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER),
       IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED
       UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A
       UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE
       PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN
       OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES."

       (j) Note Legend. The Note shall bear the following legend:
 
       "NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
       CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE
       CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
       AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY
       NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE
       ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE
       SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN
       OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER),
       IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED
       UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A
       UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE
       PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN
       OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. "
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(k) Communication of Offer. The offer to sell the Securities was directly 
communicated to such Subscriber by the Company. At no time was such 
Subscriber presented with or solicited by any leaflet, newspaper or 
magazine article, radio or television advertisement, or any other form of 
general advertising or solicited or invited to attend a promotional meeting 
otherwise than in connection and concurrently with such communicated offer.
 
(l) Authority; Enforceability. This Agreement and other agreements 
delivered together with this Agreement or in connection herewith have been 
duly authorized, executed and delivered by such Subscriber and are valid 
and binding agreements enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject 
to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium 
and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting 
creditors’ rights generally and to general principles of equity; and such 
Subscriber has full power and authority necessary to enter into this 
Agreement and such other agreements and to perform its obligations 
hereunder and under all other agreements entered into by such Subscriber 
relating hereto.

(m) Restricted Securities. Such Subscriber understands that the Securities 
have not been registered under the 1933 Act and such Subscriber will not 
sell, offer to sell, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise transfer any 
of the Securities unless pursuant to an effective registration statement 
under the 1933 Act, or unless an exemption from registration is available. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, such 
Subscriber may transfer (without restriction and without the need for an 
opinion of counsel) the Securities to its Affiliates (as defined below) 
provided that each such Affiliate is an “accredited investor” under 
Regulation D and such Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement. For the purposes of this Agreement, an “
Affiliate” of any person or entity means any other person or entity 
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under direct or 
indirect common control with such person or entity. Affiliate includes each 
Subsidiary of the Company. For purposes of this definition, “control” means 
the power to direct the management and policies of such person or firm, 
directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, 
by contract or otherwise.

(n) No Governmental Review. Such Subscriber understands that no United 
States federal or state agency or any other governmental or state agency 
has passed on or made recommendations or endorsement of the Securities or 
the suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such 
authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the 
Securities.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(o) Correctness of Representations. Each Subscriber represents only as to 
such Subscriber that the foregoing representations and warranties are true 
and correct as of the date hereof and, unless such Subscriber otherwise 
notifies the Company prior to a Closing Date shall be true and correct as 
of such Closing Date.

(p) Survival. The foregoing representations and warranties shall survive 
the Closing Date.
 
5. Company Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and 
warrants to and agrees with each Subscriber that:
 
(a) Due Incorporation. The Company is a corporation or other entity duly 
incorporated or organized, validly existing and in good standing under the 
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and has the 
requisite corporate power to own its properties and to carry on its 
business as presently conducted. The Company is duly qualified as a foreign 
corporation to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction 
where the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes 
such qualification necessary, other than those jurisdictions in which the 
failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect. For 
purposes of this Agreement, a “Material Adverse Effect” shall mean a 
material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations, 
prospects, properties or business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken 
as a whole. For purposes of this Agreement, “Subsidiary” means, with 
respect to any entity at any date, any corporation, limited or general 
partnership, limited liability company, trust, estate, association, joint 
venture or other business entity of which more than 30% of (i) the 
outstanding capital stock having (in the absence of contingencies) ordinary 
voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other 
managing body of such entity, (ii) in the case of a partnership or limited 
liability company, the interest in the capital or profits of such 
partnership or limited liability company or (iii) in the case of a trust, 
estate, association, joint venture or other entity, the beneficial interest 
in such trust, estate, association or other entity business is, at the time 
of determination, owned or controlled directly or indirectly through one or 
more intermediaries, by such entity. The Company’s Subsidiaries as of the 
Closing Date are set forth on Schedule 5(a).
 
(b) Outstanding Stock. All issued and outstanding shares of capital stock 
of the Company and each Subsidiary have been duly authorized and validly 
issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.
 
(c) Authority; Enforceability. This Agreement, the Note, the Warrants, the 
Security Agreement, Subsidiary Guaranty, Escrow Agreement, and any other 
agreements delivered together with this Agreement or in connection herewith 
(collectively “Transaction Documents”) have been duly authorized, executed 
and delivered by the Company, and Subsidiaries (as applicable) and are 
valid and binding agreements of the Company and Subsidiaries, and are 
enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, 
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar 
laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors' rights 
generally and to general principles of equity. The Company has full 
corporate power and authority necessary to enter into and deliver the 
Transaction Documents and to perform its obligations thereunder.
 
(d) Additional Issuances. There are no outstanding agreements or preemptive 
or similar rights affecting the Company's Common Stock or equity and no 
outstanding rights, warrants or options to acquire, or instruments 
convertible into or exchangeable for, or agreements or understandings with 
respect to the sale or issuance of any shares of Common Stock or equity of 
the Company or Subsidiaries or other equity interest in the Company except 
as described on Schedule 5(d). The Common Stock of the Company on a fully 
diluted basis outstanding as of the last Business Day preceding the Closing 
Date is set forth on Schedule 5(d).
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(e) Consents. No consent, approval, authorization or order of any court, 
governmental agency or body or arbitrator having jurisdiction over the 
Company, or any of its Affiliates, or the Company's shareholders is 
required for the execution by the Company of the Transaction Documents and 
compliance and performance by the Company of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, the issuance and sale 
of the Securities. The Transaction Documents and the Company’s performance 
of its obligations thereunder has been unanimously approved by the 
Company’s Board of Directors.
 
(f) No Violation or Conflict. Assuming the representations and warranties 
of the Subscribers in Section 4 are true and correct, neither the issuance 
and sale of the Securities nor the performance of the Company’s obligations 
under this Agreement and all other agreements entered into by the Company 
relating thereto by the Company will:
 
(i) violate, conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute a default 
(or an event which with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both 
would be reasonably likely to constitute a default) under (A) the articles 
or certificate of incorporation, charter or bylaws of the Company, (B) to 
the Company's knowledge, any decree, judgment, order, law, treaty, rule, 
regulation or determination applicable to the Company of any court, 
governmental agency or body, or arbitrator having jurisdiction over the 
Company or over the properties or assets of the Company or any of its 
Affiliates, (C) the terms of any bond, debenture, note or any other 
evidence of indebtedness, or any agreement, stock option or other similar 
plan, indenture, lease, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to 
which the Company or any of its Affiliates is a party, by which the Company 
or any of its Affiliates is bound, or to which any of the properties of the 
Company or any of its Affiliates is subject, or (D) the terms of any 
"lock-up" or similar provision of any underwriting or similar agreement to 
which the Company, or any of its Affiliates is a party except the 
violation, conflict, breach, or default of which would not have a Material 
Adverse Effect; or
 
(ii) result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or 
encumbrance upon the Securities or any of the assets of the Company or any 
of its Affiliates except as described herein; or
 
(iii) except as described in Schedule 5(d), result in the activation of any 
anti-dilution rights or a reset or repricing of any debt or security 
instrument of any other creditor or equity holder of the Company, nor 
result in the acceleration of the due date of any obligation of the 
Company; or
 
(iv) will result in the triggering of any piggy-back registration rights of 
any person or entity holding securities of the Company or having the right 
to receive securities of the Company.
 
    (g) The Securities. The Securities upon issuance:
 
(i) are, or will be, free and clear of any security interests, liens, 
claims or other encumbrances, subject to restrictions upon transfer under 
the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws;

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(ii) have been, or will be, duly and validly authorized, fully paid and 
non-assessable and on the date of issuance of the Purchase Shares, the 
Shares upon conversion of the Notes and the Warrant Shares and upon 
exercise of the Warrants, the Purchase Shares, Shares and Warrant Shares 
will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and if 
registered pursuant to the 1933 Act and resold pursuant to an effective 
registration statement will be free trading and unrestricted;
 
(iii) will not have been issued or sold in violation of any preemptive or 
other similar rights of the holders of any securities of the Company;
 
(iv) will not subject the holders thereof to personal liability by reason 
of being such holders; and
 
(v) assuming the representations warranties of the Subscribers as set forth 
in Section 4 hereof are true and correct, will not result in a violation of 
Section 5 under the 1933 Act.
 
(h) Litigation. There is no pending or, to the best knowledge of the 
Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or investigation before any 
court, governmental agency or body, or arbitrator having jurisdiction over 
the Company, or any of its Affiliates that would affect the execution by 
the Company or the performance by the Company of its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents. Except as disclosed in the Reports, there is no 
pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, basis for or threatened 
action, suit, proceeding or investigation before any court, governmental 
agency or body, or arbitrator having jurisdiction over the Company, or any 
of its Affiliates which litigation if adversely determined would have a 
Material Adverse Effect.
 
(i) No Market Manipulation. The Company and its Affiliates have not taken, 
and will not take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to, or that 
might reasonably be expected to, cause or result in stabilization or 
manipulation of the price of the Common Stock to facilitate the sale or 
resale of the Securities or affect the price at which the Securities may be 
issued or resold.
 
(j) Information Concerning Company. The Reports and Other Written 
Information contain all material information relating to the Company and 
its operations and financial condition as of their respective dates which 
information is required to be disclosed therein. Since the date of the 
financial statements included in the Reports, and except as modified in the 
Other Written Information or in the Schedules hereto, there has been no 
Material Adverse Event relating to the Company's business, financial 
condition or affairs not disclosed in the Reports. The Reports and Other 
Written Information do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact 
or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary 
to make the statements therein, taken as a whole, not misleading in light 
of the circumstances when made.
 
(k) Stop Transfer. The Company will not issue any stop transfer order or 
other order impeding the sale, resale or delivery of any of the Securities, 
except as may be required by any applicable federal or state securities 
laws and if so required only if contemporaneous notice of such instruction 
is given to the Subscriber.
 
(l) Defaults. The Company is not in violation of its articles of 
incorporation or bylaws. The Company is (i) not in default under or in 
violation of any other material agreement or instrument to which it is a 
party or by which it or any of its properties are bound or affected, which 
default or violation would have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) not in 
default with respect to any order of any court, arbitrator or governmental 
body or subject to or party to any order of any court or governmental 
authority arising out of any action, suit or proceeding under any statute 
or other law respecting antitrust, monopoly, restraint of trade, unfair 
competition or similar matters, or (iii) not in violation of any statute, 
rule or regulation of any governmental authority which violation would have 
a Material Adverse Effect.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(m) No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, 
nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or indirectly 
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any 
security under circumstances that would cause the offer of the Securities 
pursuant to this Agreement to be integrated with prior offerings by the 
Company for purposes of the 1933 Act or any applicable stockholder approval 
provisions, including, without limitation, under the rules and regulations 
of the OTC Bulletin Board (“Bulletin Board”) which would impair the 
exemptions relied upon in this Offering or the Company’s ability to timely 
comply with its obligations hereunder. Neither the Company nor any of its 
Affiliates will take any action or steps that would cause the offer or 
issuance of the Securities to be integrated with other offerings or 
issuances which would impair the exemptions relied upon in this Offering or 
the Company’s ability to timely comply with its obligations hereunder. The 
Company will not conduct any offering other than the transactions 
contemplated hereby that will be integrated with the offer or issuance of 
the Securities that would impair the exemptions relied upon in this 
Offering or the Company’s ability to timely comply with its obligations 
hereunder.
 
(n) No General Solicitation. Neither the Company, nor any of its 
Affiliates, nor to its knowledge, any person acting on its or their behalf, 
has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general advertising 
(within the meaning of Regulation D under the 1933 Act) in connection with 
the offer or sale of the Securities.
 
(o) No Undisclosed Liabilities. The Company has no liabilities or 
obligations which are material, individually or in the aggregate, other 
than those incurred in the ordinary course of the Company businesses since 
September 30, 2007 and which, individually or in the aggregate, would 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, except as 
disclosed in the Reports or on Schedule 5(o).
 
(p) No Undisclosed Events or Circumstances. Since September 30, 2007, no 
event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect to the Company or 
its businesses, properties, operations or financial condition, that, under 
applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or 
announcement prior to the date hereof by the Company but which has not been 
so publicly announced or disclosed in the Reports.
 
(q)  Capitalization. The authorized and outstanding capital stock of the 
Company and Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing 
Date (not including the Securities) are set forth in the Reports or on 
Schedule 5(d). Except as set forth on Schedule 5(d), there are no options, 
warrants, or rights to subscribe to, securities, rights or obligations 
convertible into or exchangeable for or giving any right to subscribe for 
any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
(r) Dilution. The Company's executive officers and directors understand the 
nature of the Securities being sold hereby and recognize that the issuance 
of the Securities will have a potential dilutive effect on the equity 
holdings of other holders of the Company’s equity or rights to receive 
equity of the Company. The board of directors of the Company has concluded, 
in its good faith business judgment that the issuance of the Securities is 
in the best interests of the Company. The Company specifically acknowledges 
that its obligation to issue the Shares upon conversion of the Notes, and 
the Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrants, is binding upon the 
Company and enforceable regardless of the dilution such issuance may have 
on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company or parties 
entitled to receive equity of the Company.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(s)  No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no material 
disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by 
the Company to arise between the Company and the accountants and lawyers 
presently employed by the Company, including but not limited to disputes or 
conflicts over payment owed to such accountants and lawyers, nor have there 
been any such disagreements during the two years prior to the Closing Date.

(t) Investment Company. Neither the Company nor any Affiliate of the 
Company is an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended.
 
(u) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor to the knowledge of 
the Company, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company, has 
(i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, 
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or 
domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or 
domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic 
political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to 
disclose fully any contribution made by the Company (or made by any person 
acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation 
of law, or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of the 
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

(v) DTC Status. The Company’s transfer agent is a participant in, and the 
Common Stock is eligible for transfer pursuant to, the Depository Trust 
Company Automated Securities Transfer Program. The name, address, telephone 
number, fax number, contact person and email address of the Company 
transfer agent is set forth on Schedule 5(v) hereto.

(w) Solvency. Based on the financial condition of the Company as of the 
Closing Date after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the 
proceeds from the sale of the Notes hereunder, (i) the Company’s fair 
saleable value of its assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be 
paid on or in respect of the Company’s existing debts and other liabilities 
(including known contingent liabilities) as they mature; (ii) the Company’s 
assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its 
business for the current fiscal year as now conducted and as proposed to be 
conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular 
capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, and 
projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof; and (iii) 
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the 
Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking 
into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay 
all amounts on or in respect of its debt when such amounts are required to 
be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to 
pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts 
of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt).

(x) Company Predecessor and Subsidiaries. The Company makes each of the 
representations contained in Sections 5(a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (h), 
(j), (l), (o), (p), (q), (s), (t), and (u) of this Agreement, as same 
relate to the Subsidiary of the Company. All representations made by or 
relating to the Company of a historical or prospective nature and all 
undertakings described in Sections 9(g) through 9(l) shall relate, apply 
and refer to the Company and its predecessors. The Company represents that 
it owns 100% of the outstanding equity of the Subsidiaries and rights to 
receive equity of the Subsidiaries free and clear of all liens, 
encumbrances and claims, except as set forth on Schedule 5(d). No person or 
entity other than the Company has the right to receive any equity interest 
in the Subsidiaries.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(y) Correctness of Representations. The Company represents that the 
foregoing representations and warranties are true and correct as of the 
date hereof in all material respects, and, unless the Company otherwise 
notifies the Subscribers prior to each Closing Date, shall be true and 
correct in all material respects as of each Closing Date.
 
(z) Survival. The foregoing representations and warranties shall survive 
the Closing Date.
 
6. Regulation D Offering/Legal Opinion. The offer and issuance of the 
Securities to the Subscribers is being made pursuant to the exemption from 
the registration provisions of the 1933 Act afforded by Section 4(2) or 
Section 4(6) of the 1933 Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated 
thereunder. On the Closing Date, the Company will provide an opinion 
reasonably acceptable to the Subscribers from the Company's legal counsel 
opining on the availability of an exemption from registration under the 
1933 Act as it relates to the offer and issuance of the Securities and 
other matters reasonably requested by Subscribers. A form of the legal 
opinion is annexed hereto as Exhibit G. The Company will provide, at the 
Company's expense, such other legal opinions, if any, as are reasonably 
necessary in each Subscriber’s opinion for the issuance and resale of the 
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes and exercise of the 
Warrants pursuant to an effective registration statement, Rule 144 under 
the 1933 Act or an exemption from registration.

7.1. Conversion of Note.

(a) Upon the conversion of a Note or part thereof, the Company shall, at 
its own cost and expense, take all necessary action, including obtaining 
and delivering, an opinion of counsel to assure that the Company's transfer 
agent shall issue stock certificates in the name of Subscriber (or its 
permitted nominee) or such other persons as designated by Subscriber and in 
such denominations to be specified at conversion representing the number of 
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion. The Company warrants 
that no instructions other than these instructions have been or will be 
given to the transfer agent of the Company's Common Stock and that the 
certificates representing such shares shall contain no legend other than 
the usual 1933 Act restriction from transfer legend. If and when a 
Subscriber sells the Shares, assuming (i) the Registration Statement (as 
defined below) is effective and the prospectus, as supplemented or amended, 
contained therein is current and (ii) such Subscriber or its agent confirms 
in writing to the transfer agent that such Subscriber has complied with the 
prospectus delivery requirements, the Company will reissue the Shares 
without restrictive legend and the Shares will be free-trading, and freely 
transferable. In the event that the Shares are sold in a manner that 
complies with an exemption from registration, the Company will promptly 
instruct its counsel to issue to the transfer agent an opinion permitting 
removal of the legend (indefinitely, if pursuant to Rule 144(k) of the 1933 
Act, or for 90 days if pursuant to the other provisions of Rule 144 of the 
1933 Act, provided that Subscriber delivers all reasonably requested 
representations in support of such opinion).

(b) A Subscriber will give notice of its decision to exercise its right to 
convert the Note, interest, or part thereof by telecopying, or otherwise 
delivering a completed Notice of Conversion (a form of which is annexed as 
Exhibit A to the Note) to the Company via confirmed telecopier transmission 
or otherwise pursuant to Section 13(a) of this Agreement. Such Subscriber 
will not be required to surrender the Note until the Note has been fully 
converted or satisfied. Each date on which a Notice of Conversion is 
telecopied to the Company in accordance with the provisions hereof by 6 PM 
Eastern Time (“ET”) (or if received by the Company after 6 PM ET then the 
next business day) shall be deemed a “Conversion Date.” The Company will 
itself or cause the Company’s transfer agent to transmit the Company's 
Common Stock certificates representing the Shares issuable upon conversion 
of the Note to such Subscriber via express courier for receipt by such 
Subscriber within three (3) business days after receipt by the Company of 
the Notice of Conversion (such third day being the "Delivery Date"). In the 
event the Shares are electronically transferable, then delivery of the 
Shares must be made by electronic transfer provided request for such 
electronic transfer has been made by the Subscriber. A Note representing 
the balance of the Note not so converted will be provided by the Company to 
such Subscriber if requested by Subscriber, provided such Subscriber 
delivers the original Note to the Company. In the event that a Subscriber 
elects not to surrender a Note for reissuance upon partial payment or 
conversion of a Note, such Subscriber hereby indemnifies the Company 
against any and all loss or damage attributable to a third-party claim in 
an amount in excess of the actual amount then due under the Note.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c) The Company understands that a delay in the delivery of the Shares in 
the form required pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof, or the Mandatory 
Redemption Amount described in Section 7.2 hereof, respectively later than 
the Delivery Date or the Mandatory Redemption Payment Date (as hereinafter 
defined) could result in economic loss to the Subscriber. As compensation 
to a Subscriber for such loss, the Company agrees to pay (as liquidated 
damages and not as a penalty) to such Subscriber for late issuance of 
Shares in the form required pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof upon Conversion 
of the Note in the amount of $100 per business day after the Delivery Date 
for each $10,000 of Note principal amount (and proportionately for other 
amounts) being converted of the corresponding Shares which are not timely 
delivered. The Company shall pay any payments incurred under this Section 
in immediately available funds upon demand. Furthermore, in addition to any 
other remedies which may be available to the Subscriber, in the event that 
the Company fails for any reason to effect delivery of the Shares within 
seven (7) business days after the Delivery Date or make payment within 
seven (7) business days after the Mandatory Redemption Payment Date (as 
defined in Section 7.2 below), such Subscriber will be entitled to revoke 
all or part of the relevant Notice of Conversion or rescind all or part of 
the notice of Mandatory Redemption by delivery of a notice to such effect 
to the Company whereupon the Company and such Subscriber shall each be 
restored to their respective positions immediately prior to the delivery of 
such notice, except that the liquidated damages described above shall be 
payable through the date notice of revocation or rescission is given to the 
Company.
(d) The Company agrees and acknowledges that despite the pendency of a not 
yet effective Registration Statement which includes for registration the 
Registrable Securities (as defined in Section 11.1(iv)), a Subscriber is 
permitted to and the Company will issue to such Subscriber Shares upon 
conversion of the Note and Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrants. 
Such Shares will, if required by law, bear the legends described in Section 
4 above and if the requirements of Rule 144 under the 1933 Act are 
satisfied, be resalable thereunder.

7.2. Mandatory Redemption at Subscriber’s Election. In the event (i) the 
Company is prohibited from issuing Shares, (ii) upon the occurrence of any 
other Event of Default (as defined in the Note or in this Agreement), that 
continues for more than twenty (20) business days, (iii) a Change in 
Control (as defined below), or (iv) of the liquidation, dissolution or 
winding up of the Company, then at the Subscriber's election, the Company 
must pay to each Subscriber ten (10) business days after request by each 
Subscriber (“Calculation Period”), a sum of money determined by multiplying 
up to the outstanding principal amount of the Note designated by each such 
Subscriber by 120%, plus accrued but unpaid interest ("Mandatory Redemption 
Payment"). The Mandatory Redemption Payment must be received by each 
Subscriber on the same date as the Shares otherwise deliverable or within 
ten (10) business days after request, whichever is sooner ("Mandatory 
Redemption Payment Date"). Upon receipt of the Mandatory Redemption 
Payment, the corresponding Note principal and interest will be deemed paid 
and no longer outstanding. Liquidated damages calculated pursuant to 
Section 7.1(c) hereof, that have been paid or accrued for the ten day 
period prior to the actual receipt of the Mandatory Redemption Payment by a 
Subscriber shall be credited against the Mandatory Redemption Payment. For 
purposes of this Section 7.2, “Change in Control” shall mean (i) the 
Company no longer having a class of shares publicly traded or listed on a 
Principal Market, (ii) the Company becoming a Subsidiary of another entity 
(other than a corporation formed by the Company for purposes of 
reincorporation in another U.S. jurisdiction), (iii) a majority of the 
board of directors of the Company as of the Closing Date, no longer serving 
as directors of the Company, except due to natural causes (which shall 
include, termination of such directors by the holders of more than 50% of 
the equity outstanding as of the Closing Date), and (iv) the sale, lease or 
transfer of substantially all the assets of the Company or its 
Subsidiaries.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
7.3. Maximum Conversion. No Subscriber shall be entitled to convert on a 
Conversion Date that amount of the Note in connection with that number of 
shares of Common Stock which would be in excess of the sum of (i) the 
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Subscriber and 
its Affiliates on a Conversion Date, and (ii) the number of shares of 
Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Note with respect to which 
the determination of this provision is being made on a Conversion Date, 
which would result in beneficial ownership by such Subscriber and its 
Affiliates of more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of 
the Company on such Conversion Date. For the purposes of the provision to 
the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be 
determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended, and Rule 13d-3 thereunder. Subject to the foregoing, 
the Subscriber shall not be limited to aggregate conversions of only 4.99% 
and aggregate conversions by the Subscriber may exceed 4.99%. The 
Subscriber may increase the permitted beneficial ownership amount up to 
9.99% upon and effective after 61 days’ prior written notice to the 
Company. Such Subscriber may allocate which of the equity of the Company 
deemed beneficially owned by such Subscriber shall be included in the 4.99% 
amount described above and which shall be allocated to the excess above 
4.99%.

7.4. Injunction Posting of Bond. In the event a Subscriber shall elect to 
convert a Note or part thereof, the Company may not refuse conversion or 
exercise based on any claim that such Subscriber or any one associated or 
affiliated with such Subscriber has been engaged in any violation of law, 
or for any other reason, unless, an injunction from a court, on notice, 
restraining and or enjoining conversion of all or part of such Note shall 
have been sought and obtained by the Company or at the Company’s request or 
with the Company’s assistance, and the Company has posted a surety bond for 
the benefit of such Subscriber in the amount of 120% of the outstanding 
principal and interest of the Note, or aggregate purchase price of the 
Shares which are sought to be subject to the injunction, which bond shall 
remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the 
dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to such Subscriber to 
the extent Subscriber obtains judgment in Subscriber’s favor.

7.5. Buy-In. In addition to any other rights available to a Subscriber, if 
the Company fails to deliver to a Subscriber such shares issuable upon 
conversion of a Note by the Delivery Date and if after seven (7) business 
days after the Delivery Date such Subscriber or a broker on such 
Subscriber’s behalf purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) 
shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such 
Subscriber of the Common Stock which such Subscriber was entitled to 
receive upon such conversion (a "Buy-In"), then the Company shall pay in 
cash to such Subscriber (in addition to any remedies available to or 
elected by the Subscriber) the amount by which (A) such Subscriber's total 
purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of 
Common Stock so purchased exceeds (B) the aggregate principal and/or 
interest amount of the Note for which such conversion was not timely 
honored together with interest thereon at a rate of 15% per annum, accruing 
until such amount and any accrued interest thereon is paid in full (which 
amount shall be paid as liquidated damages and not as a penalty. For 
example, if a Subscriber purchases shares of Common Stock having a total 
purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted 
conversion of $10,000 of note principal and/or interest, the Company shall 
be required to pay such Subscriber $1,000 plus interest. Such Subscriber 
shall provide the Company written notice and evidence indicating the 
amounts payable to such Subscriber in respect of the Buy-In.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
7.6 Adjustments. The Conversion Price, Warrant exercise price and amount of 
Shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes and exercise of the Warrants 
shall be equitably adjusted and as otherwise described in this Agreement, 
the Notes and Warrants.
 
7.7. Redemption. The Notes shall not be redeemable or callable by the 
Company except as described in the Note and Warrants.

8. Commissions/Due Diligence Fee/Legal Fees.

(a)  Commissions. The Company on the one hand, and each Subscriber (for 
himself only) on the other hand, agrees to indemnify the other against and 
hold the other harmless from any and all liabilities to any persons 
claiming brokerage commissions or similar fees except as described on 
Schedule 8(a) on account of services purported to have been rendered on 
behalf of the indemnifying party in connection with this Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated hereby and arising out of such party’s actions. 
Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, each Subscriber 
is providing indemnification only for such Subscriber’s own actions and not 
for any action of any other Subscriber. The Company represents that there 
are no parties entitled to receive fees, commissions, or similar payments 
in connection with the offering described in this Agreement except as 
described on Schedule 8(a) hereto.
 
(b) Due Diligence Fee. The Company will pay a due diligence fee (“Due 
Diligence Fee”) to the lead investor or its designees (each a “Due 
Diligence Fee Recipient”) as described on Schedule 8(b). The aggregate Due 
Diligence Fee shall be equal to eight percent (8%) of the Purchase Price 
and Warrants (“Due Diligence Warrants”) as more fully described on 
Schedule 8(b) hereto. The cash portion of the Due Diligence Fee will be 
payable on each Closing Date out of funds held pursuant to the Escrow 
Agreement.
 
  (c) Subscriber’s Legal Fees. The Company shall pay to Grushko & Mittman, 
P.C., a cash fee of $20,000 (“Cash Legal Fees”) and 60,600 Shares of the 
Company’s Common Stock (“Legal Fee Shares”) as reimbursement for services 
rendered to the Subscribers in connection with this Agreement and the 
purchase and sale of the Notes, and Warrants (the “Offering”). The Legal 
Fee Shares are granted the same registration rights granted to the 
Subscribers in this Offering. The Subscribers’ Legal Fees will be paid on 
the Initial Closing Date. The Subscribers’ Legal Fees and expenses will be 
payable out of funds held pursuant to the Escrow Agreement. Grushko & 
Mittman, P.C. will be reimbursed on each Closing Date for all lien 
searches, filing fees, and printing and shipping costs for the closing 
statements to be delivered to Subscribers.
 
9. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees with the 
Subscribers as follows:
 
(a) Stop Orders. The Company will advise the Subscribers, within 
twenty-four hours after it receives notice of issuance by the Commission, 
any state securities commission or any other regulatory authority of any 
stop order or of any order preventing or suspending any offering of any 
securities of the Company, or of the suspension of the qualification of the 
Common Stock of the Company for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or 
the initiation of any proceeding for any such purpose.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b) Listing. Not later than 170 days after the Initial Closing Date [as 
defined in Section 1(a), the Company shall secure the listing of the Common 
Stock, Shares and Warrants Shares upon the Bulletin Board, American Stock 
Exchange or a NASDAQ domestic market or exchange, any of which is a “
Principal Market”
 
(c) Market Regulations. The Company shall notify the Commission, the 
Principal Market and applicable state authorities, in accordance with their 
requirements, of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and shall 
take all other necessary action and proceedings as may be required and 
permitted by applicable law, rule and regulation, for the legal and valid 
issuance of the Securities to the Subscribers and promptly provide copies 
thereof to the Subscribers.
 
(d) Filing Requirements. From the sooner of the Actual Effective Date, or 
ninety (90) days after the Initial Closing Date and until the later to 
occur of (i) two (2) years after the Second Closing Date, (ii) until all 
the Shares are resalable or transferable by all the Subscribers pursuant to 
Rule 144, without regard to volume limitations or (iii) the Notes are no 
longer outstanding (the date of occurrence of the first such event being 
the “End Date”), the Company will (A) cause its Common Stock to be 
registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the 1934 Act, (B) comply in all 
respects with its reporting and filing obligations under the 1934 Act, (C) 
voluntarily comply with all reporting requirements that are applicable to 
an issuer with a class of shares registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of 
the 1934 Act, if Company is not subject to such reporting requirements, and 
(D) comply with all requirements related to any registration statement 
filed pursuant to this Agreement. The Company will use its best efforts not 
to take any action or file any document (whether or not permitted by the 
1933 Act or the 1934 Act or the rules thereunder) to terminate or suspend 
such registration or to terminate or suspend its reporting and filing 
obligations under said acts until the End Date. Until the End Date, the 
Company will continue the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on a 
Principal Market and will comply in all respects with the Company's 
reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the 
Principal Market. The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect 
to the Securities if required under Regulation D and to provide a copy 
thereof to each Subscriber promptly after such filing.
 
(e) Reporting Requirements. Until the time the Company becomes subject to 
the reporting provisions of the Exchange Act, the Company shall furnish to 
each Subscriber that holds Notes and/or underlying Shares, the following:

(i) As soon as available and in any event within ninety (90) days after the 
end of each fiscal year of the Company, audited financial statements of the 
Company as at the end of such fiscal year and related statements of income 
and expenses for such fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and in scope to 
the Subscriber, prepared in accordance with GAAP, with the opinion of an 
independent certified public accountant reasonably acceptable to the 
Subscriber as evidenced by the prior written consent of the Subscriber;

(ii) As soon as available and in any event within forth-five (45) days 
after the end of the sixth (6th) month of the Company’s fiscal year, 
reviewed financial statements of the Company as at the end of such six 
month period and related statements of income and expenses for such period, 
all in reasonable detail and scope to Subscriber, prepared in accordance 
with GAAP, and prepared by an independent certified public accountant 
reasonably acceptable to the Subscriber as evidenced by the prior written 
consent of the Subscriber;

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(iii) As soon as available and in any event within thirty (30) days after 
the end of each fiscal quarter, quarterly financial statements prepared by 
the Company and other information reasonably requested by the Subscriber;

(iv) As soon as available and in any event within fifteen (15) days after 
the end of each month, monthly reports containing information on the 
Company's sales and other information reasonably requested by the 
Subscriber;

(v) As soon as available and in any event not less than thirty (30) days 
prior to the commencement of each fiscal year, a detailed annual budget and 
strategic plan for the Company's business for such fiscal year, which shall 
have been approved by the Company's Board of Directors;

(vi) As soon as possible and in any event within five (5) days after the 
Subscribers notify the Company of the occurrence of each Event of Default, 
a statement of an authorized officer of the Company setting forth the 
nature and period of existence of such Event of Default and the action 
which the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;

(vii) Promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all reports, 
if any, which the Company sends to any of its shareholders, and copies of 
all reports and registration statements, if any, which the Company files 
with the Commission or any Trading Market;

(viii) Promptly after the filing or receiving thereof, copies of all 
reports and notices, if any, which the Company files under ERISA, with the 
Internal Revenue Service or the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or the 
U.S. Department of Labor or which the Company receives from any of such 
Persons;

(ix) Promptly upon determination by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer 
of the need for the Company or Board of Directors to obtain additional 
financing, all information concerning such determination if, as and when 
available;

(x) Information concerning offers or solicitations, and the terms and 
conditions thereof, for additional equity financing, given to the 
Subscriber not less than 30 days prior to the entering into of such 
financial arrangement; and

(xi) Such other information respecting the condition or operations, 
financial or otherwise, of the Company as the Subscribers may from time to 
time reasonably request.
 
(f) Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Offering will be employed by the 
Company as described on Schedule 9(f). Except as described on Schedule 9(f)
, the Purchase Price may not and will not be used for accrued and unpaid 
officer and director salaries, payment of financing related debt, 
redemption of outstanding notes or equity instruments of the Company nor 
non-trade obligations outstanding on a Closing Date. For so long as any 
Notes are outstanding, the Company will not prepay any financing related 
debt obligations nor redeem any equity instruments of the Company.
 
(g) Reservation. Prior to Initial Closing Date, and at all times 
thereafter, the Company shall have reserved, pro rata, on behalf of each 
holder of a Note or Warrant, from its authorized but unissued Common Stock, 
a number of common shares equal to 175% of the amount of Common Stock 
necessary to allow each holder of a Note to be able to convert all such 
outstanding Notes and interest (if any) and reserve the amount of Warrant 
Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(h)  DTC Program. Within 60 days of the Initial Closing and thereafter at 
all times that Notes or Warrants are outstanding, the Company will employ 
as the transfer agent for the Common Stock, Shares and Warrant Shares a 
participant in the Depository Trust Company Automated Securities Transfer 
Program.
 
(i) Taxes. From the date of this Agreement and until the End Date, the 
Company will promptly pay and discharge, or cause to be paid and 
discharged, when due and payable, all lawful taxes, assessments and 
governmental charges or levies imposed upon the income, profits, property 
or business of the Company; provided, however, that any such tax, 
assessment, charge or levy need not be paid if the validity thereof shall 
currently be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and if the 
Company shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect 
thereto, and provided, further, that the Company will pay all such taxes, 
assessments, charges or levies forthwith upon the commencement of 
proceedings to foreclose any lien which may have attached as security 
therefore.
 
(j) Insurance. From the date of this Agreement and until the End Date, the 
Company will keep its assets which are of an insurable character insured by 
financially sound and reputable insurers against loss or damage by fire, 
explosion and other risks customarily insured against by companies in the 
Company’s line of business, in amounts sufficient to prevent the Company 
from becoming a co-insurer and not in any event less than one hundred 
percent (100%) of the insurable value of the property insured less 
reasonable deductible amounts; and the Company will maintain, with 
financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance against other hazards 
and risks and liability to persons and property to the extent and in the 
manner customary for companies in similar businesses similarly situated and 
to the extent available on commercially reasonable terms.
 
(k) Books and Records. From the date of this Agreement and until the End 
Date, the Company will keep true records and books of account in which 
full, true and correct entries will be made of all dealings or transactions 
in relation to its business and affairs in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis.
 
(l) Governmental Authorities. From the date of this Agreement and until the 
End Date, the Company shall duly observe and conform in all material 
respects to all valid requirements of governmental authorities relating to 
the conduct of its business or to its properties or assets.
 
(m) Intellectual Property. From the date of this Agreement and until the 
End Date, the Company shall maintain in full force and effect its corporate 
existence, rights and franchises and all licenses and other rights to use 
intellectual property owned or possessed by it and reasonably deemed to be 
necessary to the conduct of its business, unless it is sold for value.
 
(n) Properties. From the date of this Agreement and until the End Date, the 
Company will keep its properties in good repair, working order and 
condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted, and from time to time make 
all necessary and proper repairs, renewals, replacements, additions and 
improvements thereto; and the Company will at all times comply with each 
provision of all leases to which it is a party or under which it occupies 
property if the breach of such provision could reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(o) Confidentiality/Public Announcement. From the date of this Agreement 
and until the End Date, the Company agrees that except in connection with a 
Form 8-K and the registration statement or statements regarding the 
Subscribers’ securities or in correspondence with the SEC regarding same, 
it will not disclose publicly or privately the identity of the Subscribers 
unless expressly agreed to in writing by a Subscriber or only to the extent 
required by law and then only upon five days prior notice to Subscriber. In 
any event and subject to the foregoing, the Company undertakes to file a 
Form 10-SB, Form 8-K or make a public announcement describing the Offering 
not later than the business day after the Closing Date. Prior to filing or 
announcement, such Form 10-SB, Form 8-K or public announcement will be 
provided to Subscribers for their review and approval. In the Form 10-SB, 
Form 8-K or public announcement, the Company will specifically disclose the 
amount of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the Closing. Upon  
delivery by the Company to the Subscribers after the Closing Date of any 
notice or information, in writing, electronically or otherwise, and while a 
Note, Shares, Warrants, or Warrant Shares are held by such Subscribers, 
unless the  Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating 
to such notice do not constitute material, nonpublic information relating 
to the Company or Subsidiaries, the Company  shall within one business day 
after any such delivery publicly disclose such  material,  nonpublic  
information on a Report on Form 10-SB, Form 8-K or otherwise.  In the event 
that the Company believes that a notice or communication to a Subscriber 
contains material, nonpublic information, relating to the Company or 
Subsidiaries, the Company shall so indicate to such Subscriber 
contemporaneously with delivery of such notice or information. In the 
absence of any such indication, such Subscriber shall be allowed to presume 
that all matters relating to such notice and information do not constitute 
material, nonpublic information relating to the Company or its 
Subsidiaries.
 
(p) Non-Public Information. The Company covenants and agrees that except 
for the Reports, Other Written Information and schedules and exhibits to 
this Agreement, neither it nor any other person acting on its behalf will 
at any time provide any Subscriber or its agents or counsel with any 
information that the Company believes constitutes material non-public 
information, unless prior thereto such Subscriber shall have agreed in 
writing to keep such information in confidence. The Company understands and 
confirms that each Subscriber shall be relying on the foregoing 
representations in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.
(q) Negative Covenants. So long as a Note is outstanding, without the 
consent of the Subscribers, the Company will not and will not permit any of 
its Subsidiaries to directly or indirectly:

(i) create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any pledge, hypothecation, 
assignment, deposit arrangement, lien, charge, claim, security interest, 
security title, mortgage, security deed or deed of trust, easement or 
encumbrance, or preference, priority or other security agreement or 
preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any 
lease or title retention agreement, any financing lease having 
substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the 
filing of, or agreement to give, any financing statement perfecting a 
security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code or comparable law of 
any jurisdiction) (each, a “Lien”) upon any of its property, whether now 
owned or hereafter acquired except for: (A) the Excepted Issuances (as 
defined in Section 12 hereof), and (B) (a) Liens imposed by law for taxes 
that are not yet due or are being contested in good faith and for which 
adequate reserves have been established in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles; (b) carriers’, warehousemen’s, mechanics’, 
material men’s, repairmen’s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in 
the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not 
overdue by more than 30 days or that are being contested in good faith and 
by appropriate proceedings; (c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary 
course of business in compliance with workers’ compensation, unemployment 
insurance and other social security laws or regulations; (d) deposits to 
secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory 
obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other 
obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of 
business; (e) Liens created with respect to the financing of the purchase 
of new property in the ordinary course of the Company’s business up to the 
amount of the purchase price of such property; and (f) easements, zoning 
restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property 
imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not 
secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the 
value of the affected property (each of (a) through (f), a “Permitted Lien
”);

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
     (ii) amend its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or its charter 
documents so as to materially and adversely affect any rights of the 
Subscriber;

(iii) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire 
or make any dividend or distribution in respect of any of its Common Stock, 
preferred stock, or other equity securities other than to the extent 
permitted or required under the Transaction Documents.

(iv) engage in any transactions with any officer, director, employee or any 
Affiliate of the Company, including any contract, agreement or other 
arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing 
for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring 
payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the 
knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any 
such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, 
trustee or partner, in each case in excess of $100,000 other than (i) for 
payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) 
reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company, and (iii) for 
other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock 
option plan of the Company; or
 
(v) prepay or redeem any financing related debt or past due obligations 
outstanding as of the Closing Date.     
 
(r) Further Registration Statements. Except for a registration statement 
filed on behalf of the Subscribers pursuant to Section 11 of this 
Agreement, and as set forth on Schedule 11.1 hereto, the Company will not, 
without the consent of the Subscribers, file with the Commission or with 
state regulatory authorities any registration statements or amend any 
already filed registration statement to increase the amount of Common Stock 
registered therein, or reduce the price of which such Common Stock is 
registered therein, (including but not limited to Forms S-8), until the 
expiration of the “Exclusion Period,” which shall be defined as the sooner 
of (i) the Registration Statement having been current and available for use 
in connection with the resale of all of the Registrable Securities [as 
defined in Section 11.1(i)] for a period of 180 days, or (ii) until the 
Notes are no longer outstanding. The Exclusion Period will be tolled or 
reinstated, as the case may be, during the pendency of an Event of Default 
as defined in the Note.
 
(s) Blackout. The Company undertakes and covenants that, until the end of 
the Exclusion Period, the Company will not enter into any acquisition, 
merger, exchange or sale or other transaction or fail to take any action 
that could have the effect of delaying the effectiveness of any pending 
Registration Statement or causing an already effective Registration 
Statement to no longer be effective or current for a period of forty-five 
or more days in the aggregate during any three hundred and sixty-five day 
period.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(t) Offering Restrictions. Until the expiration of the Exclusion Period and 
during the pendency of an Event of Default, except for the Excepted 
Issuances, the Company will not enter into an agreement to issue nor issue 
any equity, convertible debt or other securities convertible into Common 
Stock or equity of the Company nor modify any of the foregoing which may be 
outstanding at anytime, without the prior written consent of a majority of 
the holders of outstanding Notes, which consent may be withheld for any 
reason. For so long as the Notes are outstanding, the Company will not 
enter into any Equity Line of Credit or similar agreement, nor issue nor 
agree to issue any floating or Variable Priced Equity Linked Instruments 
nor any of the foregoing or equity with price reset rights (collectively, 
the “Variable Rate Restrictions”). For purposes hereof, “Equity Line of 
Credit” shall include any transaction involving a written agreement between 
the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the Company has the 
right to “put” its securities to the investor or underwriter over an agreed 
period of time and at an agreed price or price formula, and “Variable 
Priced Equity Linked Instruments” shall include: (A) any debt or equity 
securities which are convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or 
carry the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (1) at 
any conversion, exercise or exchange rate or other price that is based upon 
and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for Common Stock at 
any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security, or (2) 
with a fixed conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to 
being reset at some future date at any time after the initial issuance of 
such debt or equity security due to a change in the market price of the 
Company’s Common Stock since date of initial issuance, and (B) any 
amortizing convertible security which amortizes prior to its maturity date, 
where the Company is required or has the option to (or any investor in such 
transaction has the option to require the Company to) make such 
amortization payments in shares of Common Stock which are valued at a price 
that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations 
for Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or 
equity security (whether or not such payments in stock are subject to 
certain equity conditions). The only officer, director, employee and 
consultant stock option or stock incentive plan currently in effect or 
contemplated by the Company is described on Schedule 5(d).
 
(u) Seniority. Except for Permitted Liens and as otherwise provided for 
herein, until the Notes are fully satisfied or converted, the Company shall 
not grant nor allow any security interest to be taken in the assets of the 
Company or any Subsidiary; nor issue any debt, equity or other instrument 
which would give the holder thereof directly or indirectly, a right in any 
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, superior to any right of the 
holder of a Note in or to such assets.
 
(v) Notices. For so long as the Subscribers hold any Securities, the 
Company will maintain as United States address and United States fax number 
for notices purposes under the Transaction Documents.
 
(w) Attendance by Observer.  Alpha Capital Anstalt, a Subscriber herein, 
has the right to designate an observer, who shall be entitled to attend and 
participate (but not vote) at all meetings of the Board of Directors of the 
Company and to receive all notices, reports, information, correspondence 
and communications sent by the Company to members of the Board of 
Directors. All reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection 
therewith by any such designated observer shall be reimbursed by the 
Company to the extent that the Company reimburses such expenses incurred by 
any directors of the Company. It is provided and agreed that the actions 
and advice of any person while serving pursuant to this section as an 
observer at meetings of the Board of Directors shall be construed to be the 
actions and advice of that person alone and not be construed as actions of 
any Subscriber as to any notice, requirements or rights of any Subscriber 
under the Transaction Documents, nor as the action of any Subscriber to 
approve modifications, consents, amendments or waivers thereof; and all 
such actions or notices shall be deemed actions or notices to the 
Subscribers only when duly provided in writing and given in accordance with 
the provisions of the Transaction Documents.  The relationship between the 
Company and the Subscribers is, and shall at all times remain, solely that 
of the Company with a purchaser of its securities and creditor. The 
Subscribers neither undertake nor assume any responsibility or duty to the 
Company to review, inspect, supervise, pass judgment upon, or inform the 
Company of any matter in connection with any phase of the Company’s 
business, operations, or condition, financial or otherwise. The Company 
shall rely entirely upon its own judgment with respect to such matters, and 
any review, inspection, supervision, exercise of judgment, or information 
supplied to the Company by the Subscribers, or any representative or agent 
of the Subscribers, in connection with any such matter is for the 
protection of the Subscribers, and neither the Company nor any third party 
is entitled to rely thereon. It shall be deemed a default of a material 
obligation under the Notes if Company does not comply with the requirements 
of this section.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
10. Covenants of the Company Regarding Indemnification.
 
(a) The Company agrees to indemnify, hold harmless, reimburse and defend 
the Subscribers, the Subscribers' officers, directors, agents, Affiliates, 
members, managers, control persons, and principal shareholders, against any 
claim, cost, expense, liability, obligation, loss or damage (including 
reasonable legal fees) of any nature, incurred by or imposed upon the 
Subscriber or any such person which results, arises out of or is based upon 
(i) any material misrepresentation by Company or breach of any 
representation or warranty by Company in this Agreement or in any Exhibits 
or Schedules attached hereto, or other agreement delivered pursuant hereto; 
or (ii) after any applicable notice and/or cure periods, any breach or 
default in performance by the Company of any covenant or undertaking to be 
performed by the Company hereunder, or any other agreement entered into by 
the Company and Subscriber relating hereto.
 
(b) The procedures set forth in Section 11.6 shall apply to the 
indemnification set forth in Section 10(a).
 
11.1. Registration Rights. The Company hereby grants the following 
registration rights to holders of the Securities.
 
(i) On one occasion, for a period commencing one hundred and eighty (180) 
days after the Initial Closing Date, but not later than two years after the 
Initial Closing Date, upon a written request therefor from any record 
holder or holders of more than 50% of the Shares issued and issuable upon 
conversion of the outstanding Notes and outstanding Warrant Shares, the 
Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a registration statement 
under the 1933 Act registering the Registrable Securities, as defined in 
Section 11.1(iv) hereof, which are the subject of such request for 
unrestricted public resale by the holder thereof. For purposes of Sections 
11.1(i) and 11.1(ii), Registrable Securities shall not include Securities 
which are (A) registered for resale in an effective registration statement, 
(B) included for registration in a pending registration statement, (C) 
which have been issued without further transfer restrictions after a sale 
or transfer pursuant to Rule 144 under the 1933 Act or (D) which may be 
resold under Rule 144(k) or Rule 144 without volume limitations. Upon the 
receipt of such request, the Company shall promptly give written notice to 
all other record holders of the Registrable Securities that such 
registration statement is to be filed and shall include in such 
registration statement Registrable Securities for which it has received 
written requests within ten days after the Company gives such written 
notice. Such other requesting record holders shall be deemed to have 
exercised their demand registration right under this Section 11.1(i).
 
(ii) If the Company at any time proposes to register any of its securities 
under the 1933 Act for sale to the public, whether for its own account or 
for the account of other security holders or both, except with respect to 
registration statements on Forms S-4, S-8 or another form not available for 
registering the Registrable Securities for sale to the public, provided the 
Registrable Securities are not otherwise registered for resale by the 
Subscribers or Holder pursuant to an effective registration statement, each 
such time it will give at least ten (10) days' prior written notice to the 
record holder of the Registrable Securities of its intention so to do. Upon 
the written request of the holder, received by the Company within ten (10) 
days after the giving of any such notice by the Company, to register any of 
the Registrable Securities not previously registered, the Company will 
cause such Registrable Securities as to which registration shall have been 
so requested to be included with the securities to be covered by the 
registration statement proposed to be filed by the Company, all to the 
extent required to permit the sale or other disposition of the Registrable 
Securities so registered by the holder of such Registrable Securities (the 
“Seller” or “Sellers”). In the event that any registration pursuant to this 
Section 11.1(ii) shall be, in whole or in part, an underwritten public 
offering of common stock of the Company, the number of shares of 
Registrable Securities to be included in such an underwriting may be 
reduced by the managing underwriter if and to the extent that the Company 
and the underwriter shall reasonably be of the opinion that such inclusion 
would adversely affect the marketing of the securities to be sold by the 
Company therein; provided, however, that the Company shall notify the 
Seller in writing of any such reduction. Notwithstanding the foregoing 
provisions, or Section 11.4 hereof, the Company may withdraw or delay or 
suffer a delay of any registration statement referred to in this Section 
11.1(ii) without thereby incurring any liability to the Seller.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(iii) If, at the time any written request for registration is received by 
the Company pursuant to Section 11.1(i), the Company has determined to 
proceed with the actual preparation and filing of a registration statement 
under the 1933 Act in connection with the proposed offer and sale for cash 
of any of its securities for the Company's own account and the Company 
actually does file such other registration statement, such written request 
shall be deemed to have been given pursuant to Section 11.1(ii) rather than 
Section 11.1(i), and the rights of the holders of Registrable Securities 
covered by such written request shall be governed by Section 11.1(ii).
 
(iv) The Company shall file with the Commission a Form SB-2 registration 
statement (the “Registration Statement”) (or such other form that it is 
eligible to use) in order to register the Registrable Securities for resale 
and distribution under the 1933 Act within sixty (60) calendar days after 
the Initial Closing Date (the “Filing Date”), and cause the Registration 
Statement to be declared effective not later than one hundred and eighty 
(180) calendar days after the Initial Closing Date (the “Effective Date”). 
The Company will register not less than a number of shares of common stock 
in the aforedescribed registration statement that is equal to 175% of the 
Shares issued and issuable upon conversion of the Notes, and 100% of the 
Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants issued and issuable 
on the Initial Closing Date, Second Closing Date, Purchase Shares, Legal 
Fee Shares, and Due Diligence Warrant Shares (collectively the “
Registrable Securities”). The Registrable Securities shall be reserved and 
set aside exclusively for the benefit of each Subscriber and Warrant 
holder, pro rata, and not issued, employed or reserved for anyone other 
than each such Subscriber and Warrant holder. The Registration Statement 
will immediately be amended or additional registration statements will be 
immediately filed by the Company as necessary to register additional shares 
of Common Stock to allow the public resale of all Common Stock included in 
and issuable by virtue of the Registrable Securities. Except with the 
written consent of the Subscribers, no securities of the Company other than 
the Registrable Securities or the securities described on Schedule 11.1, 
will be included in the Registration Statement. It shall be deemed a 
Non-Registration Event if at any time after the date the Registration 
Statement is declared effective by the Commission (“Actual Effective Date
”) the Company has registered for unrestricted resale on behalf of the 
Subscribers less than all of the Registrable Securities required to be 
registered as described in this Agreement (“Shortfall”). The Company shall 
cause to be registered a sufficient amount of shares of Common stock in 
order to eliminate the Shortfall within 60 days after the date the 
Shortfall occurs. Failure to eliminate the Shortfall within such 60 day 
period shall be a Non-Registration Event. Except for Common Stock described 
on Schedule 11.1, no other securities of the Company will be included in 
the Registration Statement other than the Registrable Securities.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(v) The amount of Registrable Securities required to be included in the 
Registration Statement as described in Section 11.1(iv) (“Initial 
Registrable Securities”) shall be limited to not less than 100% of the 
maximum amount (“Rule 415 Amount”) of Common Stock which may be included in 
a single Registration Statement without exceeding registration limitations 
imposed by the Commission pursuant to Rule 415 of the 1933 Act but in any 
event not less than 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock. In the event that 
less than all of the Initial Registrable Securities are included in the 
Registration Statement as a result of the limitation described in this 
Section 11.1(v), then the Company will file additional Registration 
Statements each registering the Rule 415 Amount (each such Registration 
Statement a “Subsequent Registration Statement”), seriatim, until all of 
the Initial Registrable Securities have been registered. The Filing Date 
and Effective Date of each such additional Registration Statement shall be, 
respectively, fourteen (14) and forty-five (45) days after the first day 
such Subsequent Registration Statement may be filed without objection by 
the Commission based on Rule 415 of the 1933 Act. The Subscribers agree and 
acknowledge that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, 
the Registration Statement will include for registration on behalf of the 
Subscribers not fewer than 8,610,600 shares of Common Stock for the Shares 
issuable upon conversion of the Notes and thereafter may include, at the 
Company’s discretion, up to 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock on behalf of 
the holders thereof (“Other Holders”) described on Schedule 11.1. In the 
event for any reason the amount of Common Stock to be registered must be 
reduced, then such reduction must come entirely from the Common Stock being 
registered on behalf of the Other Holders and not the Subscribers.
 
(vi) Unless otherwise instructed in writing by a holder of Registrable 
Securities and only if the initial Registration Statement does not include 
all of the Registrable Securities, the Registrable Securities will be 
registered on behalf of each such holder in the Registration Statements 
based in the following order and priority:
 
(A) Purchase Shares and Legal Fee Shares.
 
(B) Conversion Shares issued and issuable upon conversion of the Notes 
(based on the multiple set forth above).
 
(C) Warrants Shares and Due Diligence Warrant Shares issued and issuable to 
the Subscribers with lower exercise priced Warrant Shares being registered 
first and then the higher exercise priced Warrant Shares. In the case of 
Warrants with the same exercise prices but different Issue Dates, the 
Warrants issuable upon later issued Warrants will be registered first.
 
(vii) The foregoing notwithstanding, Registrable Securities shall be 
allocated and registered pro rata among the Subscribers based upon their 
initial investments in the Offering.
 
11.2. Registration Procedures. If and whenever the Company is required by 
the provisions of Sections 11.1(i), 11.1(ii) or 11.1(iv) to effect the 
registration of any Registrable Securities under the 1933 Act, the Company 
will, as expeditiously as possible:
 
(a) subject to the timelines provided in this Agreement, prepare and file 
with the Commission a registration statement required by Section 11, with 
respect to such securities and use its best efforts to cause such 
registration statement to become and remain effective for the period of the 
distribution contemplated thereby (determined as herein provided), promptly 
provide to the holders of the Registrable Securities copies of all filings 
and Commission letters of comment and notify the Subscribers (by telecopier 
and by e-mail addresses provided by the Subscribers) and Grushko & Mittman, 
P.C. (by telecopier and by email to Counslers@aol.com) on or before the 
second business day thereafter that the Company receives notice that (i) 
the Commission has no comments or no further comments on the Registration 
Statement, and (ii) the registration statement has been declared effective 
(failure to timely provide notice as required by this Section 11.2(a) shall 
be a material breach of the Company’s obligation and an Event of Default as 
defined in the Notes and a Non-Registration Event as defined in Section 
11.4 of this Agreement);
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b) prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and supplements to 
such registration statement and the prospectus used in connection therewith 
as may be necessary to keep such registration statement effective until 
such registration statement has been effective for a period of two (2) 
years, and comply with the provisions of the 1933 Act with respect to the 
disposition of all of the Registrable Securities covered by such 
registration statement in accordance with the Sellers’ intended method of 
disposition set forth in such registration statement for such period;
 
(c) furnish to the Sellers, at the Company’s expense, such number of copies 
of the registration statement and the prospectus included therein 
(including each preliminary prospectus) as such persons reasonably may 
request in order to facilitate the public sale or their disposition of the 
securities covered by such registration statement or make them 
electronically available;
 
(d) use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify the Registrable 
Securities covered by such registration statement under the securities or 
“blue sky” laws of New York and such jurisdictions as the Sellers shall 
request in writing, provided, however, that the Company shall not for any 
such purpose be required to qualify generally to transact business as a 
foreign corporation in any jurisdiction where it is not so qualified or to 
consent to general service of process in any such jurisdiction;
 
(e) if applicable, list the Registrable Securities covered by such 
registration statement with any securities exchange on which the Common 
Stock of the Company is then listed;
 
(f) notify the Subscribers within twenty-four hours of the Company’s 
becoming aware that a prospectus relating thereto is required to be 
delivered under the 1933 Act, of the happening of any event of which the 
Company has knowledge as a result of which the prospectus contained in such 
registration statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of 
a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated 
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light 
of the circumstances then existing or which becomes subject to a 
Commission, state or other governmental order suspending the effectiveness 
of the registration statement covering any of the Registrable Securities;
 
(g) provided same would not be in violation of the provision of Regulation 
FD under the 1934 Act, make available for inspection by the Sellers during 
reasonable business hours, and any attorney, accountant or other agent 
retained by the Seller or underwriter, all publicly available, 
non-confidential financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents 
and properties of the Company, and cause the Company's officers, directors 
and employees to supply all publicly available, non-confidential 
information reasonably requested by the seller, attorney, accountant or 
agent in connection with such registration statement at such requesting 
Seller’s expense; and
 
(h) provide to the Sellers copies of the Registration Statement and 
amendments thereto five business days prior to the filing thereof with the 
Commission. Any Subscriber’s failure to comment on any Registration 
Statement or other document provided to a Subscriber or its counsel shall 
not be construed to constitute approval thereof nor the accuracy thereof.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
11.3. Provision of Documents. In connection with each registration 
described in this Section 11, each Seller will furnish to the Company in 
writing such information and representation letters with respect to itself 
and the proposed distribution by it as reasonably shall be necessary in 
order to assure compliance with federal and applicable state securities 
laws.
 
11.4. Non-Registration Events. The Company agrees that the Sellers will 
suffer damages if the Registration Statement is not filed by the Filing 
Date and not declared effective by the Commission by the Effective Date, 
and any registration statement required under Section 11.1(i) or 11.1(ii) 
is not filed within 60 days after written request and declared effective by 
the Commission within 90 days after such request, and maintained in the 
manner and within the time periods contemplated by Section 11 hereof, and 
it would not be feasible to ascertain the extent of such damages with 
precision. Accordingly, if (A) the Registration Statement is not filed on 
or before the Filing Date, (B) the Registration Statement is not declared 
effective on or before the required Effective Date, (C) due to the action 
or inaction of the Company the Registration Statement is not declared 
effective within three (3) business days after receipt by the Company or 
its attorneys of a written or oral communication from the Commission that 
the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or that the Commission has 
no further comments, (D) if the registration statement described in 
Sections 11.1(i) or 11.1(ii) is not filed within 60 days after such written 
request, or is not declared effective within 90 days after such written 
request, or (E) any registration statement described in Sections 11.1(i), 
11.1(ii) or 11.1(iv) is filed and declared effective but shall thereafter 
cease to be effective without being succeeded within twenty-five (25) 
business days by an effective replacement or amended registration statement 
or for a period of time which shall exceed forty (45) days in the aggregate 
per year (defined as every rolling period of 365 consecutive days 
commencing on the Actual Effective Date (each such event referred to in 
clauses (A) through (E) of this Section 11.4 is referred to herein as a "
Non-Registration Event"), then the Company shall deliver to the holder of 
Registrable Securities, as Liquidated Damages, an amount equal to one and 
one-half percent (1.5%) for each thirty (30) days (or such lesser pro-rata 
amount for any period of less than thirty (30) days) of the principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes and purchase price of Purchase Shares, 
Legal Fee Shares, Shares, Due Diligence Warrant Shares, and Warrant Shares 
issued upon conversion of Notes and exercise of Warrants held by Subscriber 
which are subject to such Non-Registration Event. The Company must pay the 
Liquidated Damages in cash. The Liquidated Damages must be paid within ten 
(10) days after the end of each thirty (30) day period or shorter part 
thereof for which Liquidated Damages are payable. In the event a 
Registration Statement is filed by the Filing Date but is withdrawn prior 
to being declared effective by the Commission, then such Registration 
Statement will be deemed to have not been filed and Liquidated Damages will 
be calculated accordingly. All oral or written comments received from the 
Commission relating to the Registration Statement must be satisfactorily 
responded to within ten (10) business days after receipt of comments from 
the Commission. Failure to timely respond to Commission comments is a 
Non-Registration Event for which Liquidated Damages shall accrue and be 
payable by the Company to the holders of Registrable Securities at the same 
rate and amounts set forth above calculated from the date the response was 
required to have been made.
 
11.5. Expenses. All expenses incurred by the Company in complying with 
Section 11, including, without limitation, all registration and filing 
fees, printing expenses (if required), fees and disbursements of counsel 
and independent public accountants for the Company, fees and expenses 
(including reasonable counsel fees) incurred in connection with complying 
with state securities or “blue sky” laws, fees of the NASD, transfer taxes, 
and fees of transfer agents and registrars, are called “Registration 
Expenses.” All underwriting discounts and selling commissions applicable to 
the sale of Registrable Securities are called "Selling Expenses." The 
Company will pay all Registration Expenses in connection with the 
registration statement under Section 11. Selling Expenses in connection 
with each registration statement under Section 11 shall be borne by the 
Seller and may be apportioned among the Sellers in proportion to the number 
of shares sold by the Seller relative to the number of shares sold under 
such registration statement or as all Sellers thereunder may agree.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
11.6. Indemnification and Contribution.
 
(a) In the event of a registration of any Registrable Securities under the 
1933 Act pursuant to Section 11, the Company will, to the extent permitted 
by law, indemnify and hold harmless the Seller, each officers, directors, 
agents, Affiliates, members, managers, control persons, and principal 
shareholders of the Seller, each underwriter of such Registrable Securities 
thereunder and each other person, if any, who controls such Seller or 
underwriter within the meaning of the 1933 Act, against any losses, claims, 
damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which the Seller, or such 
underwriter or controlling person may become subject under the 1933 Act or 
otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or 
actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue 
statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any 
registration statement under which such Registrable Securities was 
registered under the 1933 Act pursuant to Section 11, any preliminary 
prospectus or final prospectus contained therein, or any amendment or 
supplement thereof, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or 
alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated 
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light 
of the circumstances when made, and will subject to the provisions of 
Section 11.6(c) reimburse the Seller, each such underwriter and each such 
controlling person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by 
them in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, 
damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the Company shall not 
be liable to the Seller to the extent that any such damages arise out of or 
are based upon an untrue statement or omission made in any preliminary 
prospectus if (i) the Seller failed to send or deliver a copy of the final 
prospectus delivered by the Company to the Seller with or prior to the 
delivery of written confirmation of the sale by the Seller to the person 
asserting the claim from which such damages arise, (ii) the final 
prospectus would have corrected such untrue statement or alleged untrue 
statement or such omission or alleged omission, or (iii) to the extent that 
any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon an 
untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged 
omission so made in conformity with information furnished by any such 
Seller in writing specifically for use in such registration statement or 
prospectus.
 
(b) In the event of a registration of any of the Registrable Securities 
under the 1933 Act pursuant to Section 11, each Seller severally but not 
jointly will, to the extent permitted by law, indemnify and hold harmless 
the Company, and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the 
meaning of the 1933 Act, each officer of the Company who signs the 
registration statement, each director of the Company, each underwriter and 
each person who controls any underwriter within the meaning of the 1933 
Act, against all losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, 
to which the Company or such officer, director, underwriter or controlling 
person may become subject under the 1933 Act or otherwise, insofar as such 
losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) 
arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue 
statement of any material fact contained in the registration statement 
under which such Registrable Securities were registered under the 1933 Act 
pursuant to Section 11, any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus 
contained therein, or any amendment or supplement thereof, or arise out of 
or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a 
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the 
statements therein not misleading, and will reimburse the Company and each 
such officer, director, underwriter and controlling person for any legal or 
other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating 
or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action, provided, 
however, that the Seller will be liable hereunder in any such case if and 
only to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises 
out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or 
omission or alleged omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with 
information pertaining to such Seller, as such, furnished in writing to the 
Company by such Seller specifically for use in such registration statement 
or prospectus, and provided, further, however, that the liability of the 
Seller hereunder shall be limited to the net proceeds actually received by 
the Seller from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such 
registration statement.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c) Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party hereunder of notice of 
the commencement of any action, such indemnified party shall, if a claim in 
respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party hereunder, 
notify the indemnifying party in writing thereof, but the omission so to 
notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which 
it may have to such indemnified party other than under this Section 11.6(c) 
and shall only relieve it from any liability which it may have to such 
indemnified party under this Section 11.6(c), except and only if and to the 
extent the indemnifying party is prejudiced by such omission. In case any 
such action shall be brought against any indemnified party and it shall 
notify the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying 
party shall be entitled to participate in and, to the extent it shall wish, 
to assume and undertake the defense thereof with counsel satisfactory to 
such indemnified party, and, after notice from the indemnifying party to 
such indemnified party of its election so to assume and undertake the 
defense thereof, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to such 
indemnified party under this Section 11.6(c) for any legal expenses 
subsequently incurred by such indemnified party in connection with the 
defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation and of liaison 
with counsel so selected, provided, however, that, if the defendants in any 
such action include both the indemnified party and the indemnifying party 
and the indemnifying party shall have reasonably concluded that there may 
be reasonable defenses available to indemnified party which are different 
from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party or if the 
interests of the indemnified party reasonably may be deemed to conflict 
with the interests of the indemnifying party, the indemnified parties, as a 
group, shall have the right to select one separate counsel, reasonably 
satisfactory to the indemnified and indemnifying party, and to assume such 
legal defenses and otherwise to participate in the defense of such action, 
with the reasonable expenses and fees of such separate counsel and other 
expenses related to such participation to be reimbursed by the indemnifying 
party as incurred.
 
(d) In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in the event of 
joint liability under the 1933 Act in any case in which either (i) a 
Seller, or any controlling person of a Seller, makes a claim for 
indemnification pursuant to this Section 11.6 but it is judicially 
determined (by the entry of a final judgment or decree by a court of 
competent jurisdiction and the expiration of time to appeal or the denial 
of the last right of appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced 
in such case notwithstanding the fact that this Section 11.6 provides for 
indemnification in such case, or (ii) contribution under the 1933 Act may 
be required on the part of the Seller or controlling person of the Seller 
in circumstances for which indemnification is not provided under this 
Section 11.6; then, and in each such case, the Company and the Seller will 
contribute to the aggregate losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which 
they may be subject (after contribution from others) in such proportion so 
that the Seller is responsible only for the portion represented by the 
percentage that the public offering price of its securities offered by the 
registration statement bears to the public offering price of all securities 
offered by such registration statement, provided, however, that, in any 
such case, (y) the Seller will not be required to contribute any amount in 
excess of the public offering price of all such securities sold by it 
pursuant to such registration statement; and (z) no person or entity guilty 
of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 
1933 Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person or entity who 
was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation and provided, further, 
however, that the liability of the Seller hereunder shall be limited to the 
net proceeds actually received by the Seller from the sale of Registrable 
Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement..
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
11.7. Delivery of Unlegended Shares.
 
(a) Within three (3) business days (such third business day being the “
Unlegended Shares Delivery Date”) after the business day on which the 
Company has received (i) a notice that Shares or Warrant Shares or any 
other Common Stock held by a Subscriber have been sold pursuant to the 
Registration Statement or Rule 144 under the 1933 Act, (ii) a 
representation that the prospectus delivery requirements, or the 
requirements of Rule 144, as applicable and if required, have been 
satisfied, and (iii) the original share certificates representing the 
shares of Common Stock that have been sold, and (iv) in the case of sales 
under Rule 144, customary representation letters of the Subscriber and/or a 
Subscriber’s broker regarding compliance with the requirements of Rule 144, 
the Company at its expense, (y) shall deliver, and shall cause legal 
counsel selected by the Company to deliver to its transfer agent (with 
copies to Subscriber) an appropriate instruction and opinion of such 
counsel, directing the delivery of shares of Common Stock without any 
legends including the legend set forth in Section 4(i) above (the “
Unlegended Shares”); and (z) cause the transmission of the certificates 
representing the Unlegended Shares together with a legended certificate 
representing the balance of the submitted certificate, if any, to the 
Subscriber at the address specified in the notice of sale, via express 
courier, by electronic transfer or otherwise on or before the Unlegended 
Shares Delivery Date.
 
(b) In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Unlegended 
Shares, upon request of a Subscriber, so long as the certificates therefor 
do not bear a legend and the Subscriber is not obligated to return such 
certificate for the placement of a legend thereon, the Company shall cause 
its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Unlegended Shares by 
crediting the account of Subscriber’s prime broker with the Depository 
Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system, if 
such transfer agent participates in such DWAC system. Such delivery must be 
made on or before the Unlegended Shares Delivery Date.

(c) The Company understands that a delay in the delivery of the Unlegended 
Shares pursuant to Section 11 hereof later than the Unlegended Shares 
Delivery Date could result in economic loss to a Subscriber. As 
compensation to a Subscriber for such loss, the Company agrees to pay late 
payment fees (as liquidated damages and not as a penalty) to the Subscriber 
for late delivery of Unlegended Shares in the amount of $100 per business 
day after the Delivery Date for each $10,000 of purchase price of the 
Unlegended Shares subject to the delivery default. If during any 360 day 
period, the Company fails to deliver Unlegended Shares as required by this 
Section 11.7 for an aggregate of thirty (30) days, then each Subscriber or 
assignee holding Securities subject to such default may, at its option, 
require the Company to redeem all or any portion of the Shares and Warrant 
Shares subject to such default at a price per share equal to the greater of 
(i) 120%, or (ii) a fraction in which the numerator is the highest closing 
price of the Common Stock during the aforedescribed thirty day period and 
the denominator of which is the lowest conversion price during such thirty 
day period, multiplied by the Purchase Price of such Common Stock and 
exercise price of such Warrant Shares (“Unlegended Redemption Amount”). The 
Company shall pay any payments incurred under this Section in immediately 
available funds upon demand.
 
(d)  In addition to any other rights available to a Subscriber, if the 
Company fails to deliver to a Subscriber Unlegended Shares as required 
pursuant to this Agreement, within seven (7) business days after the 
Unlegended Shares Delivery Date and the Subscriber or a broker on the 
Subscriber’s behalf, purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) 
shares of common stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such 
Subscriber of the shares of Common Stock which the Subscriber was entitled 
to receive from the Company (a "Buy-In"), then the Company shall pay in 
cash to the Subscriber (in addition to any remedies available to or elected 
by the Subscriber) the amount by which (A) the Subscriber's total purchase 
price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common 
Stock so purchased exceeds (B) the aggregate purchase price of the shares 
of Common Stock delivered to the Company for reissuance as Unlegended 
Shares together with interest thereon at a rate of 15% per annum accruing 
until such amount and any accrued interest thereon is paid in full (which 
amount shall be paid as liquidated damages and not as a penalty). For 
example, if a Subscriber purchases shares of Common Stock having a total 
purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to $10,000 of 
purchase price of shares of Common Stock delivered to the Company for 
reissuance as Unlegended Shares, the Company shall be required to pay the 
Subscriber $1,000, plus interest. The Subscriber shall provide the Company 
written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Subscriber in respect 
of the Buy-In.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(e) In the event a Subscriber shall request delivery of Unlegended Shares 
as described in Section 11.7 or Warrant Shares upon exercise of Warrants 
and the Company is required to deliver such Unlegended Shares pursuant to 
Section 11.7 or the Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrants, the Company 
may not refuse to deliver Unlegended Shares or Warrant Shares based on any 
claim that such Subscriber or any one associated or affiliated with such 
Subscriber has been engaged in any violation of law, or for any other 
reason, unless, an injunction or temporary restraining order from a court, 
on notice, restraining and or enjoining delivery of such Unlegended Shares 
or exercise of all or part of said Warrant shall have been sought and 
obtained by the Company or at the Company’s request or with the Company’s 
assistance, and the Company has posted a surety bond for the benefit of 
such Subscriber in the amount of 120% of the amount of the aggregate 
purchase price of the Common Stock and Warrant Shares which are subject to 
the injunction or temporary restraining order, which bond shall remain in 
effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the dispute and 
the proceeds of which shall be payable to such Subscriber to the extent 
Subscriber obtains judgment in Subscriber’s favor.

12. (a) Right of First Refusal. Until one year after the Second Closing 
Date, the Subscribers shall be given not less than ten business days prior 
written notice of any proposed sale by the Company of its common stock or 
other securities or equity linked debt obligations, except in connection 
with (i) full or partial consideration in connection with a strategic 
merger, acquisition, consolidation or purchase of substantially all of the 
securities or assets of corporation or other entity which holders of such 
securities or debt are not at any time granted registration rights, (ii) 
the Company’s issuance of securities in connection with strategic license 
agreements and other partnering arrangements so long as such issuances are 
not for the purpose of raising capital and which holders of such securities 
or debt are not at any time granted registration rights, (iii) the 
Company’s issuance of Common Stock or the issuances or grants of options to 
purchase Common Stock pursuant to stock option plans and employee stock 
purchase plans described on Schedule 5(d) hereto at prices equal to or 
higher than the closing price of the Common Stock on the issue date of any 
of the foregoing, (iv) as a result of the exercise of Warrants or 
conversion of Notes which are granted or issued pursuant to this Agreement, 
or that have been issued prior to the Closing Date, the issuance of which 
has been disclosed in a Registration Statement filed not less than five 
days prior to the Closing Date, (v) the issuance of up to 1,000,000 Shares 
of the Company’s Common Stock until March 31, 2008 to attract key employees 
at valuation not less than the Conversion Price and which holders of such 
securities are not at any time granted registration rights, (vi) the 
Company’s issuance of securities as described in NHRA Sponsorship Agreement 
annexed hereto as Exhibit H, (vii) securities issued in payment of 
outstanding indebtednesses (for non-financing purposes) or to a vendor for 
professional services, and (vi) the payment of any interest on the Notes 
and Liquidated Damages pursuant to the Transaction Documents (collectively 
the foregoing are “Excepted Issuances”). The Subscribers who exercise their 
rights pursuant to this Section 12(a) shall have the right during the ten 
business days following receipt of the notice to purchase in the aggregate 
up to one-half such offered common stock, debt or other securities in 
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the notice of sale in 
the same proportion to each other as their purchase of Notes in the 
Offering. In the event such terms and conditions are modified during the 
notice period, the Subscribers shall be given prompt notice of such 
modification and shall have the right during the ten business days 
following the notice of modification to exercise such right.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b) Favored Nations Provision. Other than in connection with the Excepted 
Issuances, if at any time the Notes or Warrants are outstanding, the 
Company shall agree to or issue (the “Lower Price Issuance”) any Common 
Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common 
Stock (or modify any of the foregoing which may be outstanding) to any 
person or entity at a price per share or conversion or exercise price per 
share which shall be less than the price in respect of the the Conversion 
Price in respect of the Shares, or if less than the Warrant exercise price 
in respect of the Warrant Shares, without the consent of each Subscriber, 
then the Company shall issue, for each such occasion, additional shares of 
Common Stock to each Subscriber respecting those Notes, Warrants, and 
Shares that remain outstanding at the time of the Lower Price Issuance so 
that the average per share purchase price of the shares of Common Stock 
issued to each Subscriber (of only the Common Stock or Warrant Shares still 
owned by a Subscriber) is equal to such other lower price per share and the 
Conversion Price and Warrant exercise price shall automatically be reduced 
to such other lower price. The average Purchase Price of the Shares and 
average exercise price in relation to the Warrant Shares shall be 
calculated separately for the Shares and Warrant Shares. The foregoing 
calculation and issuance shall be made separately for Shares received upon 
conversion of the Notes and separately for Warrant Shares. The delivery to 
a Subscriber of the additional shares of Common Stock shall be not later 
than the closing date of the transaction giving rise to the requirement to 
issue additional shares of Common Stock. Each Subscriber is granted the 
registration rights described in Section 11 hereof in relation to such 
additional shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the issuance and 
adjustment described in this paragraph, the issuance of any security of the 
Company carrying the right to convert such security into shares of Common 
Stock or of any warrant, right or option to purchase Common Stock shall 
result in the issuance of the additional shares of Common Stock upon the 
sooner of the agreement to or actual issuance of such convertible security, 
warrant, right or option and again at any time upon any subsequent 
issuances of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of such conversion or 
purchase rights if such issuance is at a price lower than the Conversion 
Price or Warrant exercise price in effect upon such issuance. The rights of 
each Subscriber set forth in this Section 12 are in addition to any other 
rights the Subscriber has pursuant to this Agreement, the Note, any 
Transaction Document, and any other agreement referred to or entered into 
in connection herewith or to which such Subscriber and Company are parties. 
Each Subscriber is also given the right to elect to substitute any term or 
terms of any other offering in connection with which such Subscriber has 
rights as described in Section 12(a), or any outstanding price protection, 
anti-dilution or reset rights granted to any holder of any of the Company’s 
equity or right to receive such equity, or any such rights which are 
granted after the Initial Closing Date for any term or terms of the 
Offering in connection with Securities owned by such Subscriber as of the 
date the notice described in Section 12(a) is required to be given to such 
Subscriber.
 
(c) Maximum Exercise of Rights. In the event the exercise of the rights 
described in Sections 12(a) and 12(b) would or could result in the issuance 
of an amount of Common Stock of the Company that would exceed the maximum 
amount that may be issued to a Subscriber calculated in the manner 
described in Section 7.3 of this Agreement, then the issuance of such 
additional shares of Common Stock of the Company to such Subscriber will be 
deferred in whole or in part until such time as such Subscriber is able to 
beneficially own such Common Stock without exceeding the applicable maximum 
amount set forth calculated in the manner described in Section 7.3 of this 
Agreement. The determination of when such Common Stock may be issued shall 
be made by each Subscriber as to only such Subscriber.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
13. Purchase Shares. Concurrently with the Initial Closing, the Company 
shall issue to the investors described on Schedule 13 hereto in the amounts 
described on Schedule 13 hereto an aggregate of 1,700,000 restricted shares 
of the Company’s Common Stock (“Purchase Shares”). In connection with the 
issuance of such Purchase Shares to the investors, the investors make all 
of the representations and warranties contained in Section 4 of this 
Agreement and the Company makes all of the representations and warranties 
and undertakes all of the covenants contained in Sections 5, 9 and 10 of 
this Agreement. Furthermore, in connection with such Purchase Shares, the 
investors are granted all of the registration rights contained in Section 
11 of this Agreement.
 
14. Miscellaneous.
 
(a) Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other 
communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, 
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) 
deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, 
postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with 
charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or 
facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such 
party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or 
other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be 
deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with 
accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at 
the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day 
during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the 
first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a 
business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be 
received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing 
by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or 
upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The 
addresses for such communications shall be: (i) if to the Company, to: 
Attitude Drinks Inc., 11300 U.S. Highway 1, Suite 207, North Palm Beach, 
Florida 33408, Attn: Roy Warren, CEO and President, telecopier: (561) 
799-5039, with a copy by telecopier only to: Weed & Co., LLP, 4695 
MacArthur Court, Suite 1430, Newport Beach, CA 92660, Attn: Rick Weed, 
Esq., telecopier number: (949) 475-9087, and (ii) if to the Subscriber, to: 
the one or more addresses and telecopier numbers indicated on the signature 
pages hereto, with an additional copy by telecopier only to: Grushko & 
Mittman, P.C., 551 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1601, New York, New York 10176, 
telecopier: (212) 697-3575.
 
(b) Entire Agreement; Assignment. This Agreement and other documents 
delivered in connection herewith represent the entire agreement between the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and may be amended 
only by a writing executed by both parties. Neither the Company nor the 
Subscribers have relied on any representations not contained or referred to 
in this Agreement and the documents delivered herewith. No right or 
obligation of the Company shall be assigned without prior notice to and the 
written consent of the Subscribers.
 
(c) Counterparts/Execution. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and by the different signatories hereto on separate 
counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, 
but all such counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 
This Agreement may be executed by facsimile signature and delivered by 
facsimile transmission.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(d) Law Governing this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without 
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either 
party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts of New York or in the 
federal courts located in the state and county of New York. The parties to 
this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and 
venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense 
based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. 
The parties executing this Agreement and other agreements referred to 
herein or delivered in connection herewith on behalf of the Company agree 
to submit to the in personam jurisdiction of such courts and hereby 
irrevocably waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled to 
recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs. In 
the event that any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement 
delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any 
applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed 
inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be 
deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such 
provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not 
affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any 
agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process 
and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in 
connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing 
a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with 
evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to 
it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good 
and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained 
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in 
any other manner permitted by law.
 
(e) Specific Enforcement, Consent to Jurisdiction. The Company and 
Subscriber acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the 
event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in 
accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is 
accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to seek an injunction 
or injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of the provisions of this 
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, this 
being in addition to any other remedy to which any of them may be entitled 
by law or equity. Subject to Section 13(d) hereof, the Company hereby 
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any such suit, action or 
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction 
in New York of such court, that the suit, action or proceeding is brought 
in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of the suit, action or 
proceeding is improper. Nothing in this Section shall affect or limit any 
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
 
(f) Independent Nature of Subscribers.     The Company acknowledges that 
the obligations of each Subscriber under the Transaction Documents are 
several and not joint with the obligations of any other Subscriber, and no 
Subscriber shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the 
obligations of any other Subscriber under the Transaction Documents. The 
Company acknowledges that each Subscriber has represented that the decision 
of each Subscriber to purchase Securities has been made by such Subscriber 
independently of any other Subscriber and independently of any information, 
materials, statements or opinions as to the business, affairs, operations, 
assets, properties, liabilities, results of operations, condition 
(financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company which may have been 
made or given by any other Subscriber or by any agent or employee of any 
other Subscriber, and no Subscriber or any of its agents or employees shall 
have any liability to any Subscriber (or any other person) relating to or 
arising from any such information, materials, statements or opinions.  The 
Company acknowledges that nothing contained in any Transaction Document, 
and no action taken by any Subscriber pursuant hereto or thereto 
(including, but not limited to, the (i) inclusion of a Subscriber in the 
Registration Statement and (ii) review by, and consent to, such 
Registration Statement by a Subscriber) shall be deemed to constitute the 
Subscribers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other 
kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Subscribers are in any way 
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the 
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  The Company 
acknowledges that each Subscriber shall be entitled to independently 
protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation, the rights 
arising out of the Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for 
any other Subscriber to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding 
for such purpose.  The Company acknowledges that it has elected to provide 
all Subscribers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the 
convenience of the Company and not because Company was required or 
requested to do so by the Subscribers.  The Company acknowledges that such 
procedure with respect to the Transaction Documents in no way creates a 
presumption that the Subscribers are in any way acting in concert or as a 
group with respect to the Transaction Documents or the transactions 
contemplated thereby.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(g) Damages. In the event the Subscriber is entitled to receive any 
liquidated damages pursuant to the Transactions, the Subscriber may elect 
to receive the greater of actual damages or such liquidated damages.
 
(h) Consent. As used in the Agreement, “consent of the Subscribers” or 
similar language means the consent of holders of not less than 75% of the 
total of the Shares issued and issuable upon conversion of outstanding 
Notes owned by Subscribers on the date consent is requested.
 
(i) Limit on Liability. In no event shall the liability of any Subscriber 
or permitted successor hereunder or under any Transaction Document or other 
agreement delivered in connection herewith be greater in amount than the 
dollar amount of the net proceeds actually received by such Subscriber upon 
the sale of Shares.
 
(j) Equal Treatment. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any 
person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of 
the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration is also offered and 
paid to all the Subscribers and their permitted successors and assigns.
 
(k) Maximum Payments. Nothing contained herein or in any document referred 
to herein or delivered in connection herewith shall be deemed to establish 
or require the payment of a rate of interest or other charges in excess of 
the maximum permitted by applicable law. In the event that the rate of 
interest or dividends required to be paid or other charges hereunder exceed 
the maximum permitted by such law, any payments in excess of such maximum 
shall be credited against amounts owed by the Company to the Subscriber and 
thus refunded to the Company.
 
(l) Calendar Days. All references to “days” in the Transaction Documents 
shall mean calendar days unless otherwise stated. The terms “business days” 
and “trading days” shall mean days that the New York Stock Exchange is open 
for trading for three or more hours. Time periods shall be determined as if 
the relevant action, calculation or time period were occurring in New York 
City. Any deadline that falls on a non-business day in any of the 
Transaction Documents shall be automatically extended to the next business 
day and interest, if any, shall be calculated and payable through such 
extended period.
 

 

 
[THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (A)
 

Please acknowledge your acceptance of the foregoing Subscription Agreement 
by signing and returning a copy to the undersigned whereupon it shall 
become a binding agreement between us.
  	  	 
  	
ATTITUDE DRINKS INC.
a Delaware corporation
 
  	 
  	 
 
By:   	/s/ Roy Warren
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Name: Roy Warren
  	Title: President
  	 
  	Dated: October 23, 2007





SUBSCRIBER
  	
INITIAL CLOSING PURCHASE PRICE
AND PRINCIPAL
AMOUNT OF NOTE
  	
SECOND CLOSING PURCHASE PRICE
AND PRINCIPAL
AMOUNT OF NOTE
 
ROY WARREN
11300 Highway 1, Suite 202
North Palm Beach, Florida 33408
Fax: (561) 799-5039
  	
$
50,000.00
  	
$
50,000.00
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
By: /s/ Roy Warren
Name: Roy Warren
  	  	  	  	  	  	 


 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (B)
 

Please acknowledge your acceptance of the foregoing Subscription Agreement 
by signing and returning a copy to the undersigned whereupon it shall 
become a binding agreement between us.
  	  	 
  	
ATTITUDE DRINKS INC.
a Delaware corporation
 
  	 
  	 
 
By:   	/s/ Roy Warren
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Name: Roy Warren
  	Title: President
  	 
  	Dated: October 23, 2007




SUBSCRIBER
  	
INITIAL CLOSING
PURCHASE PRICE
AND PRINCIPAL
AMOUNT OF NOTE
  	
SECOND CLOSING
PURCHASE PRICE
AND PRINCIPAL
AMOUNT OF NOTE
 
ALPHA CAPITAL ANSTALT
Pradafant 7
9490 Furstentums
Vaduz, Lichtenstein
Fax: 011-42-32323196
  	
$
300,000.00
  	
$
300,000.00
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
s/
  	  	  	  	  	  	 


 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (C)
 

Please acknowledge your acceptance of the foregoing Subscription Agreement 
by signing and returning a copy to the undersigned whereupon it shall 
become a binding agreement between us.
  	  	 
  	
ATTITUDE DRINKS INC.
a Delaware corporation
 
  	 
  	 
 
By:   	/s/ Roy Warren
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Name: Roy Warren
  	Title: President
  	 
  	Dated: October 23, 2007

                                                



SUBSCRIBER
  	
INITIAL CLOSING
PURCHASE PRICE
AND PRINCIPAL
AMOUNT OF NOTE
  	
SECOND CLOSING
PURCHASE PRICE
AND PRINCIPAL
AMOUNT OF NOTE
 
WHALEHAVEN CAPITAL FUND LIMITED
3rd Fl., 14 Par-La-Ville Rd.
Hamilton, Bermuda HM08
Fax: (201) 782-9327
  	
$
150,000.00
  	
$
150,000.00
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
/s/ 	  	  	  	  	  	  	 


 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (D)
 

Please acknowledge your acceptance of the foregoing Subscription Agreement 
by signing and returning a copy to the undersigned whereupon it shall 
become a binding agreement between us.
  	  	 
  	
ATTITUDE DRINKS INC.
a Delaware corporation
 
  	 
  	 
 
By:   	/s/ Roy Warren
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Name: Roy Warren
  	Title: President
  	 
  	
Dated: October 23, 2007




SUBSCRIBER
  	
INITIAL CLOSING
PURCHASE PRICE
AND PRINCIPAL
AMOUNT OF NOTE
  	
SECOND CLOSING
PURCHASE PRICE
AND PRINCIPAL
AMOUNT OF NOTE
 
MONARCH CAPITAL FUND LTD.
Harbour House, 2nd Floor
Waterfront Drive, Road Town
Tortola, BVI
Fax (284) 494-4771
  	
$
100,000.00
  	
$
100,000.00
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
/s/
  	  	  	  	  	  	 

 

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 