 EX-10.1 2 a07-29227_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
       
Date:
November 9, 2007
 
 
To:
Bruce Chizen
 
 
From:
Charles Geschke and John Warnock
 
 
Subject:
Transition Agreement
 
Although we understand and accept your decision to resign as Chief 
Executive Officer of Adobe Systems Incorporated as of November 30, 2007, 
your invaluable contributions, insight and leadership will be greatly 
missed.  We appreciate your willingness to help us through this phase of 
transition, as your continued support and assistance are important to our 
continued success.  We would like to offer you a transitional position as a 
strategic advisor to the Chief Executive Officer.  This assignment is 
expected to last until November 28, 2008.
 
In your role as strategic advisor, you will work with the Chief Executive 
Officer to transition your responsibilities, including working with key 
customers and strategic partners, and you will handle various other 
strategic projects as requested by the Chief Executive Officer and the 
Board of Directors.  It is expected that the transition matters and 
strategic projects will require at least twenty-four hours each week.
 
As compensation for this assignment, you will receive as salary an amount 
equal to 50% of your current base salary and you will be eligible to earn a 
target award for fiscal year 2008 under the Executive Cash Performance 
Bonus Plan equal to 75% of your new base salary.  Except as set forth in 
this letter, the rest of the terms relating to your employment, including 
eligibility for employee benefits, reimbursement of approved business 
expenses, option and performance share vesting, rights under your existing 
indemnity agreement and your at-will employment status, remain unchanged by 
this letter agreement.
 
In light of your resignation as Chief Executive Officer, you agree that you 
will no longer be eligible for any severance or change in control benefits 
that are currently offered to you under applicable compensation and benefit 
plans, policies and agreements.  In lieu of such rights, in the event the 
company (or any successor entity) terminates your employment in connection 
with a change in control (as defined in the companys 2003 Equity Incentive 
Plan) prior to November 28, 2008, the company will pay you in a lump sum 
within 30 days after your termination an amount equal to the sum of the 
salary payments that you would have been paid, and the premiums for health 
and life insurance that would have been paid on your behalf under this 
letter agreement, between the effective date of the termination and 
November 28, 2008, plus your target award for 2008 (as described above, 
calculated as if 100% performance was achieved).  In addition, your then 
outstanding equity awards will become immediately vested as to the number
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
of shares that would have vested under those awards in the ordinary course 
through November 28, 2008.
 
It is expected that you will continue as a member of the Companys Board of 
Directors until the completion of your term, which will occur at the annual 
meeting of the stockholders for 2008, expected to be held in the spring.
 
Thank you once again for your valuable contributions.
 
Regards,
 
 
/s/ CHARLES GESCHKE
Charles Geschke
Co-Chairman of the Board
 
 
/s/ JOHN WARNOCK
John Warnock
Co-Chairman of the Board
 
 
Acknowledged and agreed:
 
/s/ BRUCE CHIZEN
Bruce Chizen
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------