 EX-10.01 2 a07-29061_2ex10d01.htm EX-10.01
EXHIBIT 10.01
 
[FORMFACTOR LOGO]
 
KEY EMPLOYEE BONUS PLAN
 
As adopted on April 10, 2006
As amended on February 15, 2007
 
I.              PURPOSE
 
This Key Employee Bonus Plan (this Plan) is designed to enable 
FormFactor, Inc. (the Company) to be competitive with the rest of the 
industry in attracting and retaining key talent and to provide an 
incentive, in addition to base salary compensation, to those key 
professionals of the Company who have substantial opportunity to influence 
achievement of important corporate objectives and subsequent Company 
growth. In addition, this Plan (1) more closely aligns personal interests 
of such key professionals with Company and stockholder interests, (2) 
encourages such key professionals to continue as employees of the Company, 
and (3) positions the Company as a company that provides better-than-market 
rewards for better-than-market performance.
 
Participants in this Plan may include the Companys chief executive 
officer, president, senior vice presidents, vice presidents, senior 
directors and other full-time employees as determined by the Compensation 
Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Committee).
 
II.            BONUS AWARDS
 
Bonus awards under this Plan are payable in cash, less any applicable 
withholdings. Actual bonus awards are based on a combination of specific 
percentage achievement of corporate objectives and specific percentage 
achievement of personal objectives, as applicable. The Committee shall 
determine the period during which the corporate and personal objectives are 
to be measured, which may be an annual period, a six month period or such 
other period approved by the Committee (the Measurement Period). Bonus 
awards are payable during the next fiscal quarter following the completion 
of the applicable Measurement Period. Corporate and personal objectives are 
designed to reflect both long and short-term performance targets and goals. 
The split between corporate objectives and personal objectives is 
established for participants based on job grade, level of responsibility 
and scope of work in the Companys organization. Specific bonus target 
percentages, expressed as a percentage of annual base salary (as defined 
below), and actual bonus awards for the chief executive officer and 
participants directly reporting to the chief executive officer (the 
Executive Staff) will be determined for each Measurement Period by the 
Committee. Specific bonus target percentages, expressed as a percentage of 
annual base salary, and actual bonus awards for participants other than 
those referenced in the prior sentence will be determined for each 
Measurement Period by the Committees authorized designee, which shall 
initially be the chief executive officer. The bonus target percentages may 
be different for each participant.
 
III.           CORPORATE OBJECTIVES
 
The corporate objectives for this Plan, including, if applicable, 
threshold, target and maximum levels for each corporate objective, shall be 
determined by the Committee for each Measurement Period. Corporate 
objectives may include various financial, operational and other measures of 
corporate performance, all as determined and as defined by the Committee.
 
The weight of each corporate objective shall be determined by the 
Committee. The Committee may require that the Company must achieve certain 
minimum performance in an applicable Measurement Period in order for bonus 
awards under this Plan to be payable in such Measurement Period. 
Participants may have the potential to receive increasing bonus amounts if 
the Company exceeds certain performance targets as determined by the 
Committee.
 
The Committee shall determine as soon as practicable after the end of each 
Measurement Period whether the corporate objectives for such period were 
achieved and, if so, the level of achievement of such corporate objectives.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IV.           PERSONAL OBJECTIVES
 
The Committee is responsible for establishing personal objectives for the 
Companys chief executive officer. The chief executive officer will work 
with participants who directly report to the chief executive officer to 
identify personal objectives for their participation in this Plan, and such 
personal objectives shall be approved by the chief executive officer. In 
addition, the Committee shall review the personal objectives of all 
participants who are members of the Executive Staff and who are officers 
within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
Other participants will work with their immediate supervisors to identify 
personal objectives for their participation in this Plan, and such personal 
objectives shall be approved by the participants management. Participants 
may be required to achieve certain minimum performance in an applicable 
Measurement Period in order for bonus awards under this Plan to be payable 
in such Measurement Period, and each personal objective may have a maximum 
payout limit.
 
The level of achievement of personal objectives for the Companys chief 
executive officer, if established in an applicable Measurement Period, and 
for the Executive Staff shall be reviewed and approved by the Committee. 
The level of achievement of personal objectives for participants other than 
those referenced in the prior sentence shall be reviewed and approved by 
the chief executive officer.
 
V.            ANNUAL BASE SALARY
 
The annual base salary (exclusive of overtime, shift premiums, housing or 
car allowances, bonuses, equity compensation, benefits, etc.) earned by a 
participant in the applicable Measurement Period will be used for 
calculating the bonus award payment in such Measurement Period. 
Participants who enter this Plan during a Measurement Period will, 
therefore, receive a pro-rated payout based on the date they become 
eligible to participate in this Plan.
 
VI.           MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
 
A.            Administration
 
The Committee has full power and authority to administer and interpret this 
Plan and to adopt such rules and regulations consistent with the terms of 
this Plan as such committee may deem necessary or advisable to carry out 
the provisions of this Plan. All determinations and interpretations of the 
Committee or its authorized designees with respect to the exercise of their 
respective responsibilities shall be binding on the participants.
 
B.            Eligibility; Termination of Employment
 
In order to be eligible for a bonus award under this Plan, an employee must 
be a full-time employee, in good performance standing at the end of the 
applicable Measurement Period and employed with the Company on the last day 
of the applicable Measurement Period. Bonus awards for any participant on a 
paid or unpaid leave of absence will be adjusted to reflect time on leave. 
If prior to the end of the applicable Measurement Period a participants 
employment terminates by way of retirement, normal retirement date, death, 
or total and permanent disability (as determined under the Companys 
Long-Term Disability Plan), and the participant would have been entitled to 
the payment of the award if his/her employment had not so terminated, 
payment of the award shall be pro-rated based on the number of completed 
weeks of the award period during which the participant was an employee. If 
a participants employment terminates by reason of death, payment of the 
award shall be made to the participants beneficiary under the Companys 
401(k) Retirement Plan, and if there is none, to the participants estate.
 
C.            Change in Control of Company
 
In the event of (1) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not 
the surviving corporation (other than a merger or consolidation with a 
wholly-owned subsidiary or a reincorporation of the Company in a different 
jurisdiction), (2) a merger in which the Company is the surviving 
corporation but after which the stockholders of the Company immediately 
prior to such merger (other than any stockholder that merges, or which owns 
or controls another corporation that merges, with the Company in such 
merger) cease to own their shares or other equity interest in the Company, 
(3) the sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company, or (4) the 
acquisition, sale, or transfer of more than 50% of the outstanding shares 
of the Company by tender offer or similar transaction, all bonus awards 
will be deemed to have been earned at 100% of the target value for the 
Measurement Period (and for the next consecutive Measurement Period if it 
falls within the same fiscal year) in which such change of control of the 
Company is consummated and will be paid to the applicable participant 
immediately prior to the change of control.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
D.            Transfer of Rights
 
The rights and interests of a participant under this Plan may not be 
assigned or transferred, except for bonus awards that are payable to a 
participant under this Plan, which may be assigned or transferred by will 
and the laws of descent or distribution.
 
E.             Right to Employment
 
Employment at the Company is at-will. Participation in this Plan shall not 
confer on any employee the right to continued employment in the same or any 
other capacity, nor shall this Plan interfere with the right of the Company 
to discharge any participant at any time for any reason.
 
F.             Rights to Plan
 
No employee or other person shall have any claim or right to be granted a 
bonus award under this Plan, nor shall participation in this Plan in one 
Measurement Period grant any right to participate in this Plan in any 
subsequent Measurement Period. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the 
contrary, the Committee shall have the power, in its sole discretion, to 
terminate any individuals participation in this Plan or to reduce the 
bonus award payable to any participant (or to determine that no bonus award 
shall be payable to such participant) prior to the time the amount 
otherwise would have become payable under this Plan.
 
G.            Withholding
 
The Company shall have the right to deduct from each bonus award paid under 
this Plan any taxes or other withholdings required by law, or any 401(k), 
employee stock purchase plan or other benefit elections previously approved 
in writing by a participant to be withheld with respect to such awards.
 
H.            Unallocated Funds
 
Monies that are unallocated due to the corporate objectives, or the 
personal objectives not being satisfactorily achieved by one or more 
participants, as determined by the Committee, will remain part of the 
Companys operating funds.
 
I.              Duration, Amendment, Suspension and Termination
 
This Plan is applicable for plan years beginning on and after January 1, 
2006. Each plan year shall be the Companys fiscal year. The Committee may 
amend or suspend this Plan, in whole or in part, or terminate this Plan at 
any time with respect to the current or any subsequent Measurement Period.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------