 EX-10.61 32 aquatic_ex1061.txt EXHIBIT 10.61 Exhibit 10.61 LETTER 
AGREEMENT BETWEEN; SHERIDAN WESTGARDE, a resident of 744 Mobley Road, 
Tappen, BC., Canada., AND, AQUATIC CELLULOSE INTERNATIONAL CORP, a Nevada 
Corporation in good standing and publicly traded on the Pink Sheet trading 
exchange. I Sheridan Westgarde agree to accept the amount of ONE MILLION 
THREE HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND (1,350,000) Series A Convertible Preferred 
shares as settlement of the Aquatic Cellulose International Corp obligation 
to make me a twenty seven percent stake holder in the Company's issued and 
outstanding shares. I acknowledge the value of these shares has been 
calculated using the April 20, 2007, market price of $0.022 and that 
further dilution of the Company's common stock that will occur as a result 
of the conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will likely 
result in a corresponding reduction in the market price of the stock. I 
recognize that my Series A Convertible Preferred shares will bear all the 
rights and privileges as set forth in the Certificate of Designation filed 
with the Nevada Secretary of State and included as "Exhibit A" to this 
letter agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE EFFECTIVE AS 
OF April 20, 2007. EXECUTED THIS _20 DAY OF APRIL, 2007. AQUATIC CELLULOSE 
SHERIDAN WESTGARDE INTERNATIONAL CORP /S/ Sheridan Westgarde /S/ Sheridan 
Westgarde ----------------------- ----------------------- Sheridan 
Westgarde Sheridan B. Westgarde, CEO LETTER AGREEMENT BETWEEN; SHERIDAN 
WESTGARDE, a resident of 744 Mobley Road, Tappen, BC., Canada., AND, 
AQUATIC CELLULOSE INTERNATIONAL CORP, a Nevada Corporation in good standing 
and publicly traded on the Pink Sheet trading exchange. I Sheridan 
Westgarde agree to accept the amount of FOUR HUNDRED FORTY SIX THOUSAND 
THREE HUNDRED FORTY NINE (446,349) Series A Convertible Preferred shares as 
settlement of the Aquatic Cellulose International Corp obligations owed to 
me for consulting and stock loaned to the Company, as recorded in the 
Company's accounts in Amounts Due Related Parties, as of March 31, 2007. I 
acknowledge the value of these shares has been calculated based on the 
April 20, 2007, market price of $0.022 in accord with the following 
formula; - ADRP - ($184,308 / $0.0068 [69.23% discount to the April 20, 
2007 market price of $0.022]) / 61 = 446,349 I acknowledge that further 
dilution of the Company's common stock that will occur as a result of the 
conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will likely result 
in a corresponding reduction in the market price of the stock. I recognize 
that my Series A Convertible Preferred shares will bear all the rights and 
privileges as set forth in the Certificate of Designation filed with the 
Nevada Secretary of State and included as "Exhibit A" to this letter 
agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE EFFECTIVE AS OF 
April 20, 2007. EXECUTED THIS 20_ DAY OF APRIL, 2007. AQUATIC CELLULOSE 
SHERIDAN WESTGARDE INTERNATIONAL CORP /S/ Sheridan Westgarde /S/ Sheridan 
Westgarde ----------------------- ----------------------- Sheridan 
Westgarde Sheridan B. Westgarde, CEO