 EX-10.1 2 h51549exv10w1.htm FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD LETTER


 

Exhibit 10.1

PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL

November 6, 2007

Dear                     :

The Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Anadarko Board of Directors 
has approved a grant of restricted stock units (RSUs). This grant is 
subject to all terms and conditions of the Anadarko Petroleum Corporation 
1999 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan), the 
summary (prospectus) of the Plan and the provisions of this letter. The 
Plan summary is available via the Anadarko intranet at the following 
address: 
http://insider.anadarko.com/hr/stock_plan/1999_Restated_SIP_SPD_01-01-05.pdf

Effective December 3, 2007, you will receive a grant of                     
 RSUs, which vest over a period of time. Provided you remain continuously 
employed within the Anadarko organization until such dates, one-third of 
the RSUs will vest on December 3, 2008, one-third on December 3, 2009, and 
the remaining one-third on December 3, 2010 (each considered a Vesting 
Period).

At the end of each Vesting Period, the value attributed to the number of 
RSUs that vest on such date shall be reduced by the applicable payroll 
taxes as a result of such vesting, and the resulting amount shall then be 
converted into shares of unrestricted Anadarko common stock using the 
closing price of the Company common stock on the date of such vesting. Your 
shares will be deposited in a direct registration account at Mellon.

Dividend Equivalents shall be paid to you in cash with respect to the RSUs 
and on a current basis, less applicable withholding taxes. The RSUs do not 
have voting rights. They do, however, count toward any stock ownership 
requirements.

You will be allowed to make an election to defer your entire RSU award. All 
deferral elections and distributions must be made in compliance with 409A 
regulations and made on a separate form provided by Anadarko to you.

If you voluntarily terminate your employment, including retirement, or in 
the event you are terminated for cause, all unvested RSUs and unpaid RSU 
Dividend Equivalents will be immediately forfeited. Upon your death, 
disability (as defined in the Companys disability plan), your involuntary 
termination without cause or a change of control event (as defined in the 
Plan) all your unvested RSUs will immediately vest and any unpaid RSU 
Dividend Equivalents due but not yet paid will immediately be paid. Your 
RSUs are subject to several restrictions, including that such RSUs may not 
be transferred, sold, assigned, pledged, exchanged, hypothecated or 
otherwise transferred, or disposed of to the extent then subject to 
restrictions.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

 

Once RSUs have vested and shares of Anadarko common stock have been 
delivered to you, you are free to sell, gift or otherwise dispose of such 
shares; provided that you comply with the applicable restrictions under the 
Companys Insider Trading Policy (including the receipt of pre-clearance) 
and the applicable stock ownership requirements.

If you have any questions on this grant, please call Preston Johnson at 
832-636-2705.

Sincerely,

 