 EX-10.1 6 dex101.htm FORM OF ESCROW AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT 10.1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ATEL 12, LLC


ESCROW AGREEMENT


_____________, 2007


U. S. Bank Trust National Association
San Francisco, California


Gentlemen:


ATEL 12, LLC, a California limited liability company (the Fund), proposes 
to make a public offering through ATEL Securities Corporation (the Dealer 
Manager) and other registered broker-dealers (the Selected Dealers) of 
not to exceed 20,000,000 of its units of limited liability company member 
interest (the Units) at $10 per Unit. The offering shall be conducted on 
a best-efforts all-or-none basis for the first 120,000 Units and thereafter 
on a best-efforts basis for the remaining Units. The offering shall 
commence at such time as the Funds registration statement on Form S-1 with 
respect thereto (the Registration Statement) is declared effective by the 
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) which is currently expected to 
occur on or about _____________, 2007. We are requesting that you consent 
to act as Depository in connection with the offering.


As Depository, you shall receive, hold in escrow and disburse subscription 
funds in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this letter 
and in the Plan of Distribution section of the prospectus included in the 
Registration Statement, as amended or supplemented (such prospectus in the 
form first filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended, and any supplement or amendment to such prospectus 
thereafter so filed pursuant to such Rule 424 are hereinafter collectively 
called the Prospectus).


Upon request of ATEL Financial Services, LLC (the Manager) or the Dealer 
Manager, you shall provide reports to the Fund and the Dealer Manager as to 
the number and amount of subscriptions received by you.


The terms and conditions of your engagement as Depository shall be as 
follows:


1. On or before the date of commencement of the offering you shall 
establish an interest-bearing escrow account which shall be entitled ATEL 
12 Escrow Account (the Escrow Account). The Dealer Manager and Selected 
Dealers shall instruct subscribers to make checks payable to the order of 
the Depository. You shall return any checks received that are made payable 
to a party other than the Depository to the Dealer Manager or Selected 
Dealer who submitted the check.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. The Dealer Manager and the Selected Dealers shall promptly deliver all 
monies received for the payment of Units to the Depository for deposit in 
the Escrow Account. You shall receive and hold deposits of subscription 
funds in the amount of $10 per Unit. The minimum subscription shall be 500 
Units ($5,000), subject, however, to such higher minimum subscriptions as 
are described in the Prospectus as being applicable in certain 
circumstances. Each deposit shall be accompanied by a Subscription 
Agreement in the form of that attached as Exhibit C to the Prospectus 
identifying by name and address the subscriber whose funds are deposited 
and the amount of the funds deposited by such subscriber.


3. Deposits in the form of checks which fail to clear the bank upon which 
they are drawn shall be returned by the Depository to the subscriber, 
together with the copy of the Subscription Agreement. You shall 
concurrently furnish to the Manager and the Dealer Manager a copy of any 
such Subscription Agreement and check so returned. The Depository shall 
have no further liability therefor.


If the Fund rejects any subscription for which the Depository has already 
collected funds, the Depository shall promptly issue a refund check to the 
rejected subscriber. If the Fund rejects any subscription for which the 
Depository has not yet collected funds but has submitted the subscribers 
check for collection, the Depository shall promptly issue a check in the 
amount of the subscribers check to the rejected subscriber after the 
Depository has cleared such funds. If the Depository has not yet submitted 
a rejected subscribers check for collection, the Depository shall promptly 
remit the subscribers check directly to the subscriber.


4. You shall place funds from the Escrow Account only in the following 
interest-bearing accounts and short-term obligations as the Fund shall 
direct: short-term United States government securities, including Treasury 
bills, securities issued or guaranteed by United States government 
agencies, certificates of deposit and time or demand deposits in banks and 
savings and loan associations which are insured by United States government 
agencies or deposits in members of the Federal Home Loan Bank System; 
provided, however, that you shall not be required to place any such funds 
in a manner which is inconsistent with the Prospectus. In the absence of 
express instructions, you will invest such funds, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, in a U. S. Bank Money Market Account insured by the FDIC. As 
Depository you shall not be liable for any loss of interest in the event 
funds are withdrawn prior to maturity. Interest accrued on subscription 
funds held in the Escrow Account shall not be an asset of the Fund, but 
shall either (i) be paid to the respective subscribers upon return of 
subscription proceeds to subscribers pursuant to paragraph 5 of this 
Agreement in the event the Minimum Subscriptions (as defined in paragraph 
5) are not received prior to termination of the offering); or (ii) be paid 
to the Fund upon release of subscription proceeds to the Fund for 
disbursement by the Fund to subscribers, in either case to be divided among 
the subscribers on a pro rata basis according to the respective numbers of 
days between the time of deposit of their payments into the Escrow Account 
and the
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
release of such payments to the Fund or the return thereof to the 
subscribers, and in either case with the amounts of interest allocated 
among subscribers to be calculated by the Manager.


During the escrow period, the proceeds from the Funds offering are not 
subject to claims by creditors, the Fund, the Funds affiliates, you as the 
escrow agent, or Selected Dealers unless and until the proceeds have been 
released to the Fund pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.


5. If and at such time as amounts in collected funds representing 
subscriptions for not less than 120,000 Units shall have been deposited 
with you under this Agreement (the Minimum Subscriptions), you shall so 
notify the Manager and the Dealer Manager and upon receipt of written 
instructions from each of the Fund and the Dealer Manager, you shall 
disburse to the Fund all subscription funds held by you. If the offering is 
terminated prior to receipt of collected funds representing the Minimum 
Subscriptions, or if collected funds representing the Minimum Subscriptions 
have not been received on or before the date which is one year from the 
date that the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC, you 
shall promptly disburse all subscription funds to the subscribers who 
transmitted them without deduction, penalty or expense to the subscriber, 
and you shall advise the Fund and the Dealer Manager that you have done so. 
The subscription funds returned to each subscriber shall be free and clear 
of any and all claims of the Fund or any of its creditors. In any case, all 
interest earned on subscription proceeds held by you shall be disbursed to 
subscribers as provided in paragraph 4, with the Manager providing the 
Depository with the calculation of interest payable to each subscriber. 
After all disbursements under this Agreement have been completed, the 
escrow shall be terminated; provided, however, that an agreement with a 
branch of Depository will be effective upon escrow holder notifying the 
branch that the Minimum Subscriptions have been reached and escrow is 
closed. The branch will agree to facilitate transfers of subscription funds 
to the Fund in the event subscribers make checks payable to the Depository 
after the date Minimum Subscriptions have been received. The branchs sole 
function in such event shall be to endorse any such subscription checks to 
the account of the Fund.


For purposes of the foregoing, the term collected funds shall mean all 
funds received by the Depository which have cleared normal banking channels 
and are in the form of cash.


Notwithstanding the foregoing, any and all subscription proceeds from 
Pennsylvania investors deposited with the Depositary will be maintained in 
a separate escrow account entitled ATEL 12 Pennsylvania Escrow Account. 
The terms of the escrow for Pennsylvania subscriptions will be the same as 
provided for all subscription proceeds under this Agreement, except as 
expressly stated in the following paragraphs.


The amount of subscription proceeds held in the Pennsylvania Escrow Account 
will not be counted in determining the Minimum Subscriptions defined above 
in this Section 5, unless the Pennsylvania Minimum (as defined below) is 
reached prior to the date that the amount of the Minimum Subscriptions is 
received from non-Pennsylvania subscribers. The funds in the Pennsylvania 
Escrow Account will be retained in such account, and will not be released 
to the Fund upon the release of other escrowed funds at the time the 
Minimum Subscriptions are reached under the Agreement unless the conditions 
for release of Pennsylvania subscriptions set forth in this paragraph are 
first satisfied. If and at such time as the Fund and the Dealer Manager 
deliver to the Depositary a certificate, together with any other 
documentation that the Depositary may reasonably require, which 
demonstrates that the Fund has received a total amount in
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
collected funds which, when added to the total amount held in the 
Pennsylvania Escrow Account, represent aggregate subscriptions for not less 
than 750,000 Units (the Pennsylvania Minimum), and upon receipt of 
written instructions from each of the Fund and the Dealer Manager, the 
Depositary shall disburse to the Fund all subscription funds held in the 
Pennsylvania Escrow Account.


If the offering is terminated prior to receipt of collected funds 
representing the Pennsylvania Minimum, or if collected funds representing 
the Pennsylvania Minimum have not been received on or before the date which 
is 120 days after the date hereof, the Fund and the Dealer Manager will 
notify each Pennsylvania investor whose subscription proceeds are held in 
the Pennsylvania Escrow Account within 10 calendar days following the end 
of such period that such investor has the right to have the escrowed 
subscription proceeds returned to the investor by notifying the Depositary 
that such return is desired within 10 calendar days after receipt of such 
notification of the right to such return. The subscription proceeds held 
for investors so requesting a return, together with any interest accrued 
thereon, will be promptly forwarded to such investors, but in no event 
later than 15 calendar days following receipt by the Depositary of the 
notice requesting such return.


Any subscription proceeds from Pennsylvania investors which remain in the 
escrow after the expiration of the periods described in the foregoing 
paragraph will be held until the earlier of the satisfaction of the 
Pennsylvania Minimum condition or the termination of the offering; provided 
that at the end of each subsequent 120-day period of the escrow, the 
investors whose subscription proceeds remain in the escrow will be offered 
the return rights described in the foregoing paragraph; and provided 
further that, if the Pennsylvania Minimum is not satisfied within one year 
from the date that the Registration Statement is declared effective by the 
SEC, the Depositary shall promptly disburse all subscription funds in the 
Pennsylvania Escrow Account to the subscribers who transmitted them without 
deduction, penalty or expense to the subscriber, and the Depositary shall 
advise the Fund and the Dealer Manager that the Depositary has done so. Any 
such disbursements to Pennsylvania investors will be on the same terms as 
all disbursements under this Agreement.


6. All fees, costs, and charges of the Depository shall be paid by the 
Fund. Escrow fees shall be as set forth in Exhibit A hereto. No fees, 
costs, charges, indemnification for damages suffered by the Depository or 
any monies whatsoever shall be paid out of or chargeable to the funds on 
deposit in the Escrow Account.


7. The Fund and the Dealer Manager hereby represent and warrant that 
neither they nor any of their affiliates has made, nor will any such person 
make, any representation which might imply that you in any way endorse or 
recommend an investment in Units or guarantee any obligations relating to 
the Units except those expressly undertaken as Depositary under this 
Agreement.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
In consideration of your acting as Depository herein, it is agreed that you 
shall in no case or event be liable for the failure of any of the 
conditions of this Agreement or damage caused by the exercise of your 
discretion in any particular manner, or for any other reason, except gross 
negligence or willful misconduct with reference to the Escrow Account, and 
you shall not be liable or responsible for your failure to ascertain the 
terms or conditions, or to comply with any of the provisions of, any 
agreement, contract or other document filed herewith or referred to herein, 
nor shall you be liable or responsible for forgeries or false personation.


It is further agreed that if any controversy arises between the parties 
hereto or with any third person with respect to the subject matter of this 
Agreement, or its terms or conditions, you are entitled at your option to 
refuse to comply with any claim or demand, so long as such controversy 
continues and in so doing you shall not be or become liable for damages or 
interest to any party for your failure or refusal to comply with any 
conflicting or adverse demands. You shall be entitled to continue so to 
refrain and refuse so to act until:

A. The rights of the adverse claimants have been finally adjudicated in a 
court assuming and having jurisdiction of the parties and the money, papers 
and property involved herein or affected hereby; and/or

B. All differences shall have been adjusted by agreement and you shall have 
been notified thereof in writing by all of the persons interested.


In the event of any such controversy, you, in your discretion, may file a 
suit in interpleader for the purpose of having the respective rights of the 
claimants adjudicated, and deposit with the court all documents and 
property held hereunder, and the Fund agrees to pay all costs and counsel 
fees incurred by you in such action and said costs and fees shall be 
included in the judgment in any such action.


You shall not be required to take or be bound by notice of any default of 
any person, or to take any action with respect to such default involving 
any expense or liability, unless notice of such default is given to you in 
writing by the Manager and unless you are indemnified in a manner 
satisfactory to you against such expense or liability.


You shall be protected in acting upon any notice, request, waiver, consent, 
receipt or other paper or document reasonably believed by you to be signed 
by the proper party or parties.


You may consult with legal counsel if any controversy arises, and you shall 
incur no liability and shall be fully protected in acting in accordance 
with the opinion and instructions of counsel.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
In the event that you perform any service not specifically provided 
hereinabove, or there is any assignment or attachment of any interest in 
the subject matter of this Agreement or modification thereof, or any 
controversy arises hereunder, or you are named a party to, or are required 
to intervene in, any litigation pertaining to this escrow or the subject 
matter thereof, you shall be reasonably compensated therefor and reimbursed 
for all costs and expenses, including attorneys fees, occasioned thereby.


8. The Fund, the Manager and the Dealer Manager represent and agree that 
none has made nor will any of them in the future make any representation 
that states or implies that the Escrow Agent has endorsed, recommended or 
guaranteed the purchase, value, or repayment of the Units offered for sale 
by the Fund. The Fund further agrees that it will insert in any prospectus, 
offering circular, advertisement, subscription agreement or other document 
made available to prospective purchasers of the Units the following in bold 
face type: U.S. Bank Trust National Association is acting only as an 
escrow agent in connection with the offering of the Units, and has not 
endorsed, recommended or guaranteed the purchase, value or repayment of 
such Units, and will furnish to the Escrow Agent a copy of each such 
prospectus, offering circular, advertisement, subscription agreement or 
other document at least 5 business days prior to its distribution to 
prospective purchasers of the Securities.


9. The Depository may resign upon the giving of 30 days written notice to 
the Manager and the Dealer Manager. The Depository may be removed by the 
Manager and the Dealer Manager, acting jointly, upon 30 days prior written 
notice to the Depository. In such event, it shall be the obligation of the 
Manager, with the consent of the Dealer Manager, to appoint a successor 
Depository. The Depository shall turn over to such successor, at the 
direction of the Fund, all funds, accounts and records held by the 
Depository pursuant to this Agreement.


Any change in the aforesaid terms and conditions shall require the consent 
of the Dealer Manager. In the event that any questions arise as to the 
interpretation of such terms and conditions, you shall be authorized to 
rely upon telegraphic or written instructions from the Dealer Manager and 
the Manager.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you consent and agree to act as Depository on the terms and conditions 
set forth above, please so signify by causing a duly authorized officer or 
employee to sign the enclosed copy of this letter as indicated below and 
return it to the undersigned, whereupon the terms and conditions of this 
letter shall constitute an agreement between us. This agreement may be 
signed in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and 
delivered shall be an original for all purposes, but all such counterparts 
shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
Very truly yours,
ATEL 12, LLC,
a California limited liability company
By: 	  	ATEL Associates 12, LLC, Manager
  	By: 	  	ATEL Capital Group, LLC
  	 	  	By: 	  	 
 
ATEL SECURITIES CORPORATION,
a California corporation, Dealer Manager
  	By: 	  	 
  	 	  	Dean L. Cash,
  	 	  	President


We hereby consent to act as Depository on the terms and conditions set 
forth above. Executed this ___ day of ________, 2007.
 
U. S. Bank Trust National Association
By: 	  	 
  	 
  	(Name and Title)
 
7