 EX-10.1 2 a07-29006_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, LIMITED CONSENT AND AGREEMENT TO 
INCREASE COMMITMENTS

This Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, Limited Consent and Agreement to 
Increase Commitments (this Amendment) dated as of November 9, 2007, is 
made among ATS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Borrower), BANK 
OF AMERICA, N.A., a national banking association organized and existing 
under the laws of the United States, in its capacity as administrative 
agent for the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement (as defined 
below)) (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent), each of the Lenders 
signatory hereto and each of the Guarantors signatory hereto.

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders have 
entered into that certain Credit Agreement dated as of June 4, 2007 (as 
amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of June 29, 2007 
and as from time to time hereafter further amended, restated, supplemented 
or otherwise modified, the Credit Agreement; capitalized terms used in 
this Amendment not otherwise defined herein shall have the definition given 
thereto in the Credit Agreement), pursuant to which the Lenders have made 
available to the Borrower a revolving credit facility, including a letter 
of credit subfacility; and

WHEREAS, each of the Guarantors has entered into a Guaranty pursuant to 
which it has guaranteed the payment and performance of the obligations of 
the Borrower under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents; and

WHEREAS, the Borrower is the owner and holder of all of the issued and 
outstanding shares of ATS NSS Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
(the Merger Sub); and

WHEREAS, the Borrower desires to acquire all of the outstanding Equity 
Interests of Number Six Software, Inc., a Delaware corporation (NSS), by 
means of a merger of the Merger Sub with and into NSS (such merger being 
referred to herein as the NSS Merger), pursuant to that certain Agreement 
and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated as of October 12, 2007, among 
the Borrower, the Merger Sub, NSS, Blue Water Venture Fund III, LLC, Bakke 
Enterprises L.L.C., the estate of Brian Lyons, Dennis Leggett and Ralph 
Alexander, in his individual capacity and in his capacity as the 
Stockholders Representative (as defined therein) (the Merger Agreement
); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, NSS will be the surviving 
corporation and the Merger Sub will be the merged or disappearing 
corporation and shall cease to legally exist; and

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent and the 
Lenders have previously entered into that certain Limited Waiver dated as 
of October 12, 2007, pursuant to which the Lenders temporarily waived the 
provisions of Section 7.07 of the Credit Agreement to the extent necessary 
to permit the Borrower and the Merger Sub to enter into the Merger 
Agreement;

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
WHEREAS, in order to consummate the transaction contemplated by the Merger 
Agreement, the Borrower has (i) advised the Administrative Agent that it 
desires to amend the Credit Agreement to, among other things, allow for 
certain seller indebtedness in connection with Permitted Acquisitions and 
(ii) requested that the Lenders (A) increase their respective Commitments 
from $12,500,000 to $25,000,000 pursuant to Section 2.14 of the Credit 
Agreement and (B) consent to the NSS Merger; and

WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are willing to so amend 
the Credit Agreement and the Lenders are willing to so increase their 
respective Commitments and consent to the NSS Merger on the terms and 
conditions contained in this Amendment;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and further valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, 
the parties hereto agree as follows:

    1.                                       Amendment to Credit Agreement
    .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, and in
    reliance upon the representations and warranties of the Borrower made
    herein, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

        (a)                                  The following new definitions
        are added to Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement in the proper
        alphabetical locations:

        Coverage Adjustment Amount means, with respect to any date
        occurring during each period set forth below, an amount equal to
        the amount set forth below opposite such period, but subject to
        adjustment pursuant to Section 6.10:

 Period
 
Coverage Adjustment Amount
 
 October 1, 2007 through February 29, 2008
 
$
8,250,000
 
 March 1, 2008 through May 31, 2008
 
$
5,250,000
 
 June 1, 2008 through August 31, 2008
 
$
3,000,000
 
 August 31, 2008 through November 30, 2008
 
$
2,000,000
 
 December 1, 2008 and thereafter
 
$
0
 
         

        NSS means Number Six Software, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
         
        NSS Acquisition Date means November 9, 2007.

        NSS Adjustment Amount means, with respect to the computation of 
        Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Cash Flow for the fiscal
        quarter ending December 31, 2007, the respective amounts determined
        by (x) computing the amount (whether positive or negative) that NSS
        operations contribute to Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Cash
        Flow, as applicable, during the period (the NSS Inclusion Period
        ) from the NSS Acquisition Date through December 31, 2007 and (y)
        multiplying the amount so determined in clause (x) by

 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
 
        a fraction, the numerator of which is 90 and the denominator of
        which is the number of days in the NSS Inclusion Period.

        NSS Merger the Borrowers acquisition of all of the outstanding
        Equity Interests of NSS, by means of a merger of ATS NSS
        Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with and into NSS,
        pursuant to the NSS Merger Agreement.

        NSS Merger Agreement means that certain Agreement and Plan of
        Merger and Reorganization dated as of October 12, 2007, among the
        Borrower, the Merger Sub, Blue Water Venture Fund III, LLC, Bakke
        Enterprises L.L.C., the estate of Brian Lyons, Dennis Leggett and
        Ralph Alexander, in his individual capacity and in his capacity as
        the Stockholders Representative (as defined therein).

        Subordinated Seller Notes means, collectively, the promissory
        notes issued to any holder of Equity Interests in NSS in connection
        with the NSS Merger in an aggregate principal amount not in excess
        of $5,500,000 and containing terms and conditions satisfactory to
        the Administrative Agent, including, without limitation, terms and
        conditions relating to interest payments, repayment of principal
        and subordination of the Indebtedness evidenced thereby to the
        Obligations.

        (b)                                 The definition of Consolidated
        EBITDA in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is amended by adding
        the following proviso at the end thereof:

        ; provided, however, that, with respect to the fiscal quarter
        ending December 31, 2007, (i) the reference to the Borrower and
        its Subsidiaries shall not include NSS or any of its Subsidiaries
        or the portion of Consolidated EBITDA attributable to NSS and its
        Subsidiaries and (ii) Consolidated EBITDA (as calculated above)
        shall be increased by an amount equal to the NSS Adjustment
        Amount.

        (c)                                  The definitions of Compliance
        Certificate, Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio, Consolidated
        Cash Flow and Consolidated Fixed Charges in Section 1.01 of the
        Credit Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety and the
        following definitions are inserted in lieu thereof:

        Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the
        form of Exhibit D-1 or D-2, as applicable.

        Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio means for any date of
        determination, the ratio of (a) the sum of (i) gross billed and
        unbilled Accounts of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a
        consolidated basis plus (ii) the Coverage Adjustment Amount to (b)
        Total Outstandings.

        Consolidated Cash Flow means for any period, for the Borrower and
        its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, without duplication, (a)
        net income, after income tax, for such period (b) less income or 
        plus loss from discontinued

 
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
        operations and extraordinary items for such period, (c) plus 
        depreciation, depletion, amortization, impairment of goodwill,
        write-down of intangibles, the amortization and expensing of
        non-cash stock based compensation and other non-cash charges for
        such period which will not represent a cash item in any future
        period, (d) plus interest expense on all obligations for such
        period, (e) plus rental expense for such period (f) minus 
        dividends, withdrawals and other distributions for such period, (g) 
        minus any unfinanced capital expenditures for such period, and (h) 
        minus earn-out payments payable for such period; provided, however
        , that, with respect to the fiscal quarter of Borrower ending
        December 31, 2007, (i) the reference to the Borrower and its
        Subsidiaries shall not include NSS or any of its Subsidiaries or
        the portion of Consolidated Cash Flow attributable to NSS and its
        Subsidiaries and (ii) Consolidated Cash Flow (as calculated above)
        shall be increased by an amount equal to the NSS Adjustment Amount.

        Consolidated Fixed Charges means for any period, for the Borrower
        and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of, without
        duplication, (a) interest expense for such period, (b) all required
        payments of principal of Indebtedness for such period (excluding
        any payments of principal with respect to any Loan), (c) the
        current portion of capitalized lease obligations for such period,
        and (d) rental expense for such period.

        (d)                                 The definition of Applicable
        Rate in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by
        deleting each reference to Section 6.02(b) and inserting 
        Section 6.02(b)(i) in lieu thereof.

        (e)                                  The last sentence of the
        definition of Applicable Rate in Section 1.01 of the Credit
        Agreement is deleted in its entirety and the following is inserted
        in lieu thereof:

        Notwithstanding the Coverage Adjustment Amount then in effect, if a
        Coverage Adjustment Amount equal to $0 would result in the
        Borrowers failure to comply with Section 6.12(a) during the period
        for which the Applicable Rate is being calculated, an additional
        0.25% per annum shall be added to the Applicable Rate (except in
        the case of the Unused Fee) for such period.  The Applicable Rate
        in effect from NSS Acquisition Date through the first Applicable
        Rate Change Date after the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2008
        shall be determined based upon Pricing Level 4, subject to the
        preceding sentence.

        (f)                                    The reference to Sections
        6.12(a), (b) and (c) in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1.07 
        of the Credit Agreement is deleted and Sections 6.12(a), (b), (c) 
        and (d) is inserted in lieu thereof.

        (g)                                 The following subsection (c) is
        added to Section 1.07 of the Credit Agreement:

    (c)           Annualization of Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated
    Cash Flow.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in clause (a)
    above, when calculating

 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
 
    Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Cash Flow, respectively, such
    calculation shall be made:

        (i)            with respect to the fiscal year of Borrower ending
        December 31, 2007, by taking Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated
        Cash Flow, as applicable, for the fiscal quarter ending December
        31, 2007 and multiplying by four;

        (ii)           with respect to the fiscal quarter of Borrower
        ending March 31, 2008, by taking Consolidated EBITDA and
        Consolidated Cash Flow, as applicable, for the fiscal quarter
        ending March 31, 2008 and multiplying by four;

        (iii)          with respect to the fiscal quarter of Borrower
        ending June 30, 2008, by taking Consolidated EBITDA and
        Consolidated Cash Flow, as applicable, for the period of two fiscal
        quarters ending June 30, 2008 and multiplying by two; and

        (iv)          with respect to the fiscal quarter of Borrower ending
        September 30, 2008, by taking Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated
        Cash Flow, as applicable, for the period of three fiscal quarters
        ending September 30, 2008 and multiplying by four-thirds (4/3).

        (h)                                 The reference in Section
        6.01(b) of the Credit Agreement to such consolidating statements
        to be is deleted and such consolidated statements to be is
        inserted in lieu thereof.

        (i)                                     Section 6.01(d) of the
        Credit Agreement is deleted in its entirety and the following is
        inserted in lieu thereof:

        (d)           through December 31, 2008, as soon as available, but
        in any event within 30 days after the end of each month and, after
        December 31, 2008, within 45 days after the end of each fiscal
        quarter of the Borrower, an accounts receivable aging report and
        accounts payable aging report for the Borrower and each Subsidiary;

        (j)                                     The following subsections
        are added to Section 6.01 of the Credit Agreement:

        (e)           as soon as available, but in any event within 45 days
        after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, a contract
        backlog report for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; and

        (f)            as soon as available, but in any event within 45
        days after the end of the fiscal year of the Borrower ending
        December 31, 2007, (i) a consolidated and consolidating balance
        sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal
        year, and the related consolidated and consolidating statements of
        income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such
        fiscal year, setting forth in each case the figures for each fiscal
        quarter ending during such fiscal year, all in reasonable detail,
        such consolidated statements to be certified by

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
        the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or
        controller of Borrower as fairly presenting the financial
        condition, results of operations, shareholders equity and cash
        flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP,
        subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence
        of footnotes, and such consolidating statements to be certified by
        the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or
        controller of Borrower to the effect that such statements are
        fairly stated in all material respects when considered in relation
        to the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its
        Subsidiaries, and (ii) a consolidated balance sheet of NSS and its
        Subsidiaries for the period beginning on the date that NSS becomes
        a Subsidiary through December 31, 2007, and the related
        consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders
        equity and cash flows for such period, all in reasonable detail.

        (k)                                  Section 6.02(b) of the Credit
        Agreement is deleted in its entirety and the following is inserted
        in lieu thereof:

        (b)           concurrently with the delivery of (i) the financial
        statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b), a duly
        completed Compliance Certificate in the form attached hereto as 
        Exhibit D-1 and (ii) the reports referred to in Section 6.01(d) 
        for each month through December 31, 2008, a duly completed
        Compliance Certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D-2,
        in each case signed by the chief executive officer, chief financial
        officer, treasurer or controller of Borrower;

        (l)                                     The following sentence is
        added to Section 6.10 of the Credit Agreement:

        In addition to the foregoing, the Borrower agrees that
        Administrative Agent may conduct field examinations with respect to
        ATS and its Subsidiaries at a frequency determined by the initial
        field examination, which shall occur no later than March 31, 2008. 
        Notwithstanding anything provided herein to the contrary, Borrower
        also agrees that the Required Lenders may, in their sole
        discretion, modify or adjust (i) the Coverage Adjustment Amount,
        (ii) the frequency of field examinations, and (iii) the type and
        frequency of any reporting required hereunder, based on the results
        of any field examination.

        (m)                               Section 6.12 of the Credit
        Agreement is deleted in its entirety and the following is inserted
        in lieu thereof:

        6.12        Financial Covenants.

    (a)           Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio.  Maintain a
    Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio of not less than (i) at all times
    prior to June 30, 2009, 1.00 to 1.00 and (ii) at all times thereafter,
    1.20 to 1.00.  This ratio will be reported (i) from October 1, 2007
    through December 31, 2008, at the end of each month and (ii) from
    January 1, 2009 and thereafter, at the end of each reporting period for
    which this Agreement requires the Borrower to deliver financial
    statements.

 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
    (b)           Consolidated Leverage Ratio.  Maintain at all times a
    Consolidated Leverage Ratio not exceeding 3.50 to 1.00.  This ratio
    will be reported at the end of each reporting period for which this
    Agreement requires the Borrower to deliver financial statements
    (pursuant to Sections 6.01(a), 6.01(b) or 6.01(f), as applicable),
    using the results of the twelve-month period ending with that reporting
    period (except as otherwise provided in Section 1.07(c)).

    (c)           Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.  Maintain at
    all times a Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of at least 1.20
    to 1.00.  This ratio will be reported at the end of each reporting
    period for which this Agreement requires the Borrower to deliver
    financial statements (pursuant to Sections 6.01(a), 6.01(b) or 6.01(f)
    , as applicable), using the results of the twelve-month period ending
    with that reporting period (except as otherwise provided in Section
    1.07(c)).

    (d)           Minimum Consolidated EBITDA.  Maintain Consolidated
    EBITDA for each fiscal quarter set forth below in an amount not less
    than the amount set forth below opposite such fiscal quarter:

 Fiscal Quarter
 
Minimum Consolidated
EBITDA
 
 Fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2008
 
$
3,200,000
 
 Fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2008
 
$
3,750,000
 
 Fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2008
 
$
4,200,000
 
     

        (n)                                 Article VI of the Credit
        Agreement is amended by adding the following section at the end
        thereof:

        6.16        Interest Rate Protection.  At all times beginning on
        the NSS Acquisition Date, maintain variable-to-fixed rate Swap
        Contracts having an aggregate notional amount of at least
        $20,000,000, with terms and conditions satisfactory to the
        Administrative Agent.

        (o)                                 Section 7.03 of the Credit
        Agreement is amended by adding the following subsection at the end
        thereof:

        (j)          unsecured Indebtedness evidenced by the Subordinated
        Seller Notes.

        (p)                                 The existing Exhibit D to the
        Credit Agreement is deleted in its entirety and Exhibit D-1 and
        Exhibit D-2 attached hereto are inserted in lieu thereof.

        (q)                                 The following subsection (g) is
        added to Section 7.05 of the Credit Agreement:

        (g)           Dispositions of accounts receivable by NSS to Avnet,
        Inc. pursuant to the terms of that certain Partner Agreement,
        Agreement No. P41207035, between Avnet, Inc. and NSS.

 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
        (r)            The proviso at the end of Section 7.05 of the Credit
        Agreement is amended by deleting the reference to clauses (a)
        through (f) and inserting clauses (a) through (g) in lieu
        thereof.

        (s)                                  Article VII of the Credit
        Agreement is amended by adding the following sections at the end
        thereof:

        7.13        Prepayments, Etc. of Indebtedness.  Prepay, redeem,
        purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled
        maturity thereof in any manner, or make any payment in violation of
        any subordination terms of, any Indebtedness permitted by Section
        7.03(j).

        7.14        Amendment, Etc. of Indebtedness.  Amend, modify or
        otherwise change, or consent or agree to any amendment,
        modification, waiver or other change to, any of the terms of any
        agreement or instrument governing or evidencing any Indebtedness
        permitted by Section 7.03(j) in any manner without the prior
        consent of the Required Lenders.

    2.                                       Increase in Commitments.  In
    accordance with Section 2.14 of the Credit Agreement and in response to
    the Borrowers request to increase the Aggregate Commitments from
    $25,000,000 to $50,000,000, each of Bank of America, N.A., as a Lender
    (BOA), and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania, as a Lender (Citizens),
    agrees to increase its Commitment by an amount equal to $12,500,000,
    effective as of the date hereof.  After giving effect to such increase,
    each of BOAs and Citizenss Commitment as of the date hereof, is
    $25,000,000.

    3.                                       Limited Consent.  Each of the
    Lenders hereby consents, acknowledges and agrees to the NSS Merger upon
    the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement and hereby confirms that
    the NSS Merger shall be deemed a Permitted Acquisition under the Credit
    Agreement.

    4.                                       Effectiveness; Conditions
    Precedent.  The amendments herein provided shall be effective upon the
    satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:

        (a)                                  The Administrative Agent shall
        have received each of the following documents or instruments in
        form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent:

            (i)                                     one or more
            counterparts of this Amendment, duly executed by the Borrower
            and each Guarantor;

            (ii)                                  a certificate of each
            Loan Party dated as of the date hereof signed by a Responsible
            Officer of such Loan Party (i) certifying and attaching the
            resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting
            to the Increase, and (ii) in the case of the Borrower,
            certifying that, before and after giving effect to the
            increases provided herein, (A) the representations and
            warranties contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement and
            the other Loan Documents are true and correct on and as of the
            Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such
            representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier
            date, in which case they are true

 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
            and correct as of such earlier date, and except that the
            representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and
            (b) of Section 5.05 of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to
            refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to
            clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the
            Credit Agreement and (B) no Default exists;

            (iii)                               fully-executed copies of
            the Merger Agreement, the Subordinated Seller Notes executed in
            connection with the NSS Merger and the other documents and
            agreements entered into in connection with the NSS Merger;

            (iv)                              consolidated opening balance
            sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries after giving effect
            to the NSS Merger;

            (v)                                 quarterly financial
            forecasts of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a
            consolidated and consolidating basis, prepared by management of
            the Borrower including balance sheets and related statements of
            income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for
            each fiscal quarter ending in 2009 and 2010, in each case
            certified by the chief financial officer of the Borrower;

            (vi)                              a certificate of a
            Responsible Officer of each Loan Party either (i) attaching
            copies of all consents, licenses and approvals required in
            connection with the consummation by such Loan Party of the NSS
            Merger and the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan
            Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan
            Documents to which it is a party, and such consents, licenses
            and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (ii)
            stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so
            required;

            (vii)                           evidence satisfactory to the
            Administrative Agent, that contemporaneously with and
            immediately upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, the NSS
            Merger will have been consummated in accordance with the terms
            of the NSS Merger Agreement

            (viii)                        a certificate of a Responsible
            Officer of the Borrower attaching copies of all consents,
            licenses and approvals required in connection with the
            consummation by NSS and its Subsidiaries of the NSS Merger,
            which such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full
            force and effect;

            (ix)                                completed requests for
            information, dated on or before the date hereof, listing all
            effective financing statements filed in the jurisdictions
            satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that name NSS or any
            of its Subsidiaries as debtor, together with copies of such
            other financing statements

            (x)                                   evidence satisfactory to
            the Administrative Agent, that any Indebtedness (other than
            Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03 of the Credit

9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
                            Agreement) of NSS and its Subsidiaries has been
            or concurrently with the date hereof is being terminated and
            all Liens securing such Indebtedness have been or concurrently
            with the date hereof are being released; and

            (xi)                                such other documents,
            instruments, opinions, certifications, undertakings, further
            assurances and other matters as the Administrative Agent shall
            reasonably request.

        (b)                                 All upfront fees due to the
        Lenders, together with all other fees and expenses payable to the
        Administrative Agent (including the fees and expenses of counsel to
        the Administrative Agent) estimated to date shall have been paid in
        full (without prejudice to final settling of accounts for such fees
        and expenses).

    5.                                       Effectiveness; Conditions
    Subsequent.  The continued effectiveness of the amendments herein
    provided shall be subject to the satisfaction of the following
    conditions subsequent:

        (a)                                  The Administrative Agent shall
        have received (i) within five (5) Business Days following the date
        hereof, all documents and instruments required by Section 6.13 and
        (ii) within five (5) Business Days following the date hereof or
        such longer period as the Administrative Agent may permit, all
        landlord waivers requested by the Administrative Agent pursuant to 
        Section 6.15 of the Credit Agreement, in each case with respect to
        NSS and any of its Subsidiaries, in form and substance satisfactory
        to the Administrative Agent.

        (b)                                 Within 120 days following the
        date hereof, all Deposit Accounts (as defined in the Security
        Agreement) of NSS or any of its Subsidiaries shall be maintained
        with Bank of America, N.A.

    6.                                       Consent of the Guarantors. 
    Notwithstanding that such consent is not required by the Loan
    Documents, each of the Guarantors hereby consents, acknowledges and
    agrees to the amendments set forth herein and hereby confirms and
    ratifies in all respects the Loan Documents to which such Person is a
    party (including without limitation the continuation of such Persons
    payment and performance obligations and the effectiveness and priority
    of any Liens granted thereunder, in each case upon and after the
    effectiveness of this Amendment and the amendments contemplated hereby)
    and the enforceability of such Loan Documents against such Person in
    accordance with its terms.

    7.                                       Representations and Warranties
    .  In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter
    into this Amendment, the Borrower represents and warrants to the 
    Administrative Agent and such Lenders as follows:

        (a)                                  The representations and
        warranties made by it in Article V of the Credit Agreement, and by
        each Loan Party in each of the Loan Documents to which such Loan
        Party is a party are true and correct on and as of the date hereof,
        except to the extent that such representations and warranties
        expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such
        representations and warranties are true and correct as of such
        earlier date;

 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

        (b)                                 Since the date of the most
        recent financial reports of the Borrower delivered pursuant to 
        Section 6.01 of the Credit Agreement, no act, event, condition or
        circumstance has occurred or arisen which, singly or in the
        aggregate with one or more other acts, events, occurrences or
        conditions (whenever occurring or arising), has had or could
        reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

        (c)                                  The Persons appearing as
        Guarantors on the signature pages to this Agreement constitute all
        Persons who are required to be Guarantors pursuant to the terms of
        the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including
        without limitation all Persons who became Subsidiaries or were
        otherwise required to become Guarantors after the Closing Date, and
        each of such Persons has become and remains a party to a Guaranty
        as a Guarantor;

        (d)                                 This Amendment has been duly
        authorized, executed and delivered by the Borrower and the
        Guarantors and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of
        such Persons, except as may be limited by general principles of
        equity or by the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
        reorganization, moratorium or similar law affecting creditors
        rights generally;

        (e)                                  Contemporaneously with and
        immediately upon the effectiveness of this Amendment, the NSS
        Merger will have been consummated strictly in accordance with the
        terms of the Merger Agreement, without any waiver or amendment not
        consented to by the Lenders of any term, provision or condition set
        forth therein and in compliance with applicable law and regulatory
        approvals; and

        (f)                                    No Default or Event of
        Default has occurred and is continuing.

    8.                                       Entire Agreement.  This
    Amendment, together with all the Loan Documents (collectively, the 
    Relevant Documents), sets forth the entire understanding and agreement
    of the parties hereto in relation to the subject matter hereof and
    supersedes any prior negotiations and agreements among the parties
    relating to such subject matter.  No promise, condition, representation
    or warranty, express or implied, not set forth in the Relevant
    Documents shall bind any party hereto, and no such party has relied on
    any such promise, condition, representation or warranty.  Each of the
    parties hereto acknowledges that, except as otherwise expressly stated
    in the Relevant Documents, no representations, warranties or
    commitments, express or implied, have been made by any party to the
    other in relation to the subject matter hereof or thereof.  None of the
    terms or conditions of this Amendment may be changed, modified, waived
    or canceled orally or otherwise, except in writing and in accordance
    with Section 10.01 of the Credit Agreement.

    9.                                       Full Force and Effect of
    Agreement.  Except as hereby specifically amended, modified or
    supplemented, the Credit Agreement and all other Loan Documents are
    hereby confirmed and ratified in all respects and shall be and remain
    in full force and effect according to their respective terms.

 
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    10.                                 Counterparts.  This Amendment may
    be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
    deemed an original as against any party whose signature appears
    thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same
    instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of
    this Amendment by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually
    executed counterpart of this Amendment.

    11.                                 Governing Law; Jurisdiction, Etc. 
    This Amendment shall in all respects be governed by, and construed in
    accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, and shall be
    further subject to the provisions of Section 10.13 of the Credit
    Agreement.

    12.                                 Enforceability.  Should any one or
    more of the provisions of this Amendment be determined to be illegal or
    unenforceable as to one or more of the parties hereto, all other
    provisions nevertheless shall remain effective and binding on the
    parties hereto.

    13.                                 References.  All references in any
    of the Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement shall mean the Credit
    Agreement, as amended hereby.

    14.                                 Successors and Assigns.  This
    Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
    Borrower, each Guarantor, the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and
    their respective successors and assignees to the extent such assignees
    are permitted assignees as provided in Section 10.06 of the Credit
    Agreement.

 
[Signature pages follow.]
 
 
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
made, executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the 
day and year first above written.
 
 
BORROWER:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ATS CORPORATION
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Edward H. Bersoff
 
Name:
Edward H. Bersoff
 
Title:
President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------


                         


 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,
 
as Administrative Agent
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Anne M. Zeschke
 
Name:
Anne M. Zeschke
 
Title:
Assistant Vice President
 
 
 
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
                         
 
LENDERS:
 
 
 
 
 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,
 
as a Lender
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Michael D. Brannan
 
Name:
Michael D. Brannan
 
Title:
Senior Vice President
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CITIZENS BANK OF PENNSYLVANIA
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Owen B. Burman
 
Name:
Owen B. Burman
 
Title:
Vice President
 
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
 
 
GUARANTORS:
 
 
 
 
 
 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Pamela A. Little
 
Name:
Pamela A. Little
 
Title:
Senior Vice President and CFO
 
 
 
 
RELIABLE INTEGRATION SERVICES, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Pamela A. Little
 
Name:
Pamela A. Little
 
Title:
Senior Vice President and CFO
 
 
 
 
APPIX, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Pamela A. Little
 
Name:
Pamela A. Little
 
Title:
Senior Vice President and CFO
 
 
 
 
POTOMAC MANAGEMENT GROUP, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Pamela A. Little
 
Name:
Pamela A. Little
 
Title:
Senior Vice President and CFO
                         
 
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Exhibit D-1
 
FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Financial Statement Date:                            ,             

To:          Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of June 4, 
2007 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in 
writing from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein being 
used herein as therein defined), among ATS Corporation, a Delaware 
corporation (Borrower), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and 
Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Swing Line 
Lender.

The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies as of the date hereof 
that he/she is the                                                          
 of Borrower, and that, as such, he/she is authorized to execute and 
deliver this Certificate to Agent on the behalf of Borrower, and that:

[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal year-end financial statements]

1.             Attached hereto as Schedule 1 are the year-end audited 
financial statements required by Section 6.01(a) of the Agreement for the 
fiscal year of Borrower ended as of the above date, together with the 
report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant required 
by such section.

[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal quarter-end financial statements]

1.             Attached hereto as Schedule 1 are the unaudited financial 
statements required by Section 6.01(b) of the Agreement for the fiscal 
quarter of Borrower ended as of the above date.  Such financial statements 
fairly present the financial condition, results of operations and cash 
flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP as at such 
date and for such period, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments 
and the absence of footnotes.

2.             The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms 
of the Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her 
supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and condition (financial 
or otherwise) of Borrower during the accounting period covered by the 
attached financial statements.

3.             A review of the activities of Borrower during such fiscal 
period has been made under the supervision of the undersigned with a view 
to determining whether during such fiscal period Borrower performed and 
observed all its Obligations under the Loan Documents, and

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
[select one:]

[to the best knowledge of the undersigned during such fiscal period, 
Borrower performed and observed each covenant and condition of the Loan 
Documents applicable to it, and no Default has occurred and is continuing.]

or

[the following covenants or conditions have not been performed or observed 
and the following is a list of each such Default and its nature and 
status:]

4.             The representations and warranties of Borrower contained in 
Article V of the Agreement, and/or any representations and warranties of 
Borrower or any other Loan Party that are contained in any document 
furnished at any time under or in connection with the Loan Documents, are 
true and correct on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent that 
such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, 
in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and except 
that for purposes of this Compliance Certificate, the representations and 
warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of the 
Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished 
pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the 
Agreement, including the statements in connection with which this 
Compliance Certificate is delivered.

5.             The financial covenant analyses and information set forth on 
Schedules 2 attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the date of 
this Certificate.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of     
                            ,              .

 
ATS CORPORATION
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
For the Quarter/Year ended                       (Statement Date)
 
SCHEDULE 2
to the Compliance Certificate
($ in 000s)
 
I.
Section 6.12(a)  Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A.
Accounts of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
B.
Coverage Adjustment Amount:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
C.
Total Outstandings:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
D.
Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio ((Line I.A + Line I.B) ¸Line I.C):
 
 
to 1.0
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E.
Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio without the Coverage Adjustment Amount 
(Line I.A¸Line I.C):(1)
 
 
to 1.0
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minimum Required Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio (prior to June 30, 
2009):
 
1.0 to 1.0
 
 
 
 
 
Minimum Required Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio (thereafter):
 
1.2 to 1.0
 
II.
Section 6.12(b)  Consolidated Leverage Ratio.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A.
Consolidated Total Funded Debt
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.
all outstanding liabilities for borrowed money plus other interest-bearing 
liabilities, including current and long-term liabilities:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.
= Consolidated Total Funded Debt:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
B.
Consolidated EBITDA(2)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.
net income:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.
minus income or plus loss from discontinued operations and extraordinary 
items:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3.
plus income taxes:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4.
plus interest expense:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (1)                                  This calculation is only for
    purposes of determining whether the additional 0.25% per annum shall be
    added to the Applicable Rate pursuant to the definition of Applicable
    Rate set forth in Section 1.01 of the Agreement.
    (2)                                  With respect to each fiscal
    quarter of the Borrower ending December 31, 2007 through September 30,
    2008, Consolidated EBITDA shall be calculated on a calendar
    year-to-date annualized basis in accordance with Section 1.07(c) of the
    Credit Agreement.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
 
 
 
 
5.
plus depreciation, depletion, amortization and other non-cash charges:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[6.
plus the NSS Adjustment Amount:(3)
 
$
]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[6][7].
= Consolidated EBITDA:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
C.
Consolidated Leverage Ratio (Line II.A.2 ¸ Line II.B.[6][7]):
 
 
to 1.0
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maximum Allowed Consolidated Leverage Ratio:
 
3.5 to 1.0
 
III.
Section 6.12(c)  Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A.
Consolidated Cash Flow(4)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.
net income, after income tax:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.
minus income or plus loss from discontinued operations and extraordinary 
items:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3.
plus depreciation, depletion, amortization and other non-cash charges:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4.
plus interest expense:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5.
plus rental expense:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6.
minus dividends, withdrawals and other distributions:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7.
minus any unfinanced capital expenditures:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8.
minus earn-out payments:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[9.
plus the NSS Adjustment Amount:(5)
 
$
]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[9][10].= Consolidated Cash Flow:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
B.
Consolidated Fixed Charges
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.
interest expense:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.
plus all required payments of principal of Indebtedness for such period 
(excluding any payments of principal with respect to any Loan):
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3.
plus the current portion of capitalized lease obligations:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4.
plus rental expense:
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (3)                                  To be included in the calculation
    for the fiscal quarter of Borrower ending December 31, 2007.
    (4)                                  With respect to each fiscal
    quarter of the Borrower ending December 31, 2007 through September 30,
    2008, Consolidated Cash Flow shall be calculated on a calendar
    year-to-date annualized basis in accordance with Section 1.07(c) of the
    Credit Agreement.
    (5)                                  To be included in the calculation
    for the fiscal quarter of Borrower ending December 31, 2007.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
 
 
5.
= Consolidated Fixed Charges:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
C.
Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (Line III.A.[9][10] ¸ Line 
III.B.5):
 
 
to 1.0
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minimum Required Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio:
 
1.2 to 1.0
 
 
 
 
 
 
IV.
Section 6.12(d)  Minimum Consolidated EBITDA.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A.
Consolidated EBITDA:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.
net income:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.
minus income or plus loss from discontinued operations and extraordinary 
items:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3.
plus income taxes:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4.
plus interest expense:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5.
plus depreciation, depletion, amortization and other non-cash charges:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6.
= Consolidated EBITDA:
 
$
 
Minimum Required Consolidated EBITDA:
 
 Fiscal Quarter
 
Minimum Consolidated
EBITDA
 
 Fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2008
 
$
3,200,000
 
 Fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2008
 
$
3,750,000
 
 Fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2008
 
$
4,500,000
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit D-2

 

FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

Month Ending:                            ,             

To:          Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of June 4, 
2007 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in 
writing from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein being 
used herein as therein defined), among ATS Corporation, a Delaware 
corporation (Borrower), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and 
Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Swing Line 
Lender.

The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies as of the date hereof 
that he/she is the                                                          
 of Borrower, and that, as such, he/she is authorized to execute and 
deliver this Certificate to Agent on the behalf of Borrower, and that:

1.             Attached hereto as Schedule 1 are the accounts receivable 
aging report and accounts payable aging report required by Section 6.01(d) 
of the Agreement for the month ended as of the above date.

2.             The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms 
of the Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her 
supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and condition (financial 
or otherwise) of Borrower during the month covered by the attached reports.

3.             A review of the activities of Borrower during such month has 
been made under the supervision of the undersigned with a view to 
determining whether during such month Borrower performed and observed all 
its Obligations under the Loan Documents, and

[select one:]

[to the best knowledge of the undersigned during such month, Borrower 
performed and observed each covenant and condition of the Loan Documents 
applicable to it, and no Default has occurred and is continuing.]

or

[the following covenants or conditions have not been performed or observed 
and the following is a list of each such Default and its nature and 
status:]

4.             The representations and warranties of Borrower contained in 
Article V of the Agreement, and/or any representations and warranties of 
Borrower or any other Loan Party that

------------------------------------------------------------------------


are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection 
with the Loan Documents, are true and correct on and as of the date hereof, 
except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically 
refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of 
such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Compliance 
Certificate, the representations and warranties contained in subsections 
(a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of the Agreement shall be deemed to refer to 
the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), 
respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Agreement.

5.             The financial covenant analysis and information set forth on 
Schedule 2 attached hereto is true and accurate on and as of the date of 
this Certificate.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of     
                            ,              .

 
ATS CORPORATION
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Name:
 
 
Title:
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


For the Quarter/Year ended                       (Statement Date)

SCHEDULE 2
to the Compliance Certificate
($ in 000s)

I.
Section 6.12(a)  Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A.
Accounts of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
B.
Coverage Adjustment Amount:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
C.
Total Outstandings:
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
D.
Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio ((Line I.A + Line I.B) ¸Line I.C):
 
 
to 1.0
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E.
Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio without the Coverage Adjustment Amount 
(Line I.A¸Line I.C):(6)
 
 
to 1.0
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minimum Required Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio (prior to June 30, 
2009):
 
1.0 to 1.0
------------------------------------------------------------------------
    (6)                                  This calculation is only for
    purposes of determining whether the additional 0.25% per annum shall be
    added to the Applicable Rate pursuant to the definition of Applicable
    Rate set forth in Section 1.01 of the Agreement.
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------