 EX-10.1 3 exh10-1_15497.txt FORM OF RETAIL INVESTOR SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT 10.1 ------------ PLEASE PRINT: NAME OF SUBSCRIBER: 
____________________________________ SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: __________ UNITS 
PRICE PER UNIT: $3.40 AGGREGATE PURCHASE PRICE: $________________ 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT ---------------------- This Subscription Agreement 
(this "Agreement") is being delivered to you in connection with your 
investment in RedRoller Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a 
Aslahan Enterprises Ltd.) whose shares of common stock, par value $0.001 
per share (the "Common Stock"), are currently quoted on the NASD's Over The 
Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol "_______" ("Pubco"), a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of which will acquire by merger (the "Merger") all of the issued 
and outstanding capital stock and the business of RedRoller, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation ("RedRoller"). Pubco is conducting a private placement 
(the "Offering") of units (the "Units"), at a purchase price of $3.40 per 
Unit. Each Unit shall consist of (i) four shares (the "Shares") of Common 
Stock and (ii) a warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock (a 
"Warrant"). Each Warrant shall be at a price of $1.70 per share for 60 
months after the closing of the Merger. Prior to the closing of the 
Offering, Pubco intends to reincorporate itself as a Delaware corporation 
(the "Reincorporation"), change its name to RedRoller Holdings, Inc. and 
apply for a corresponding change to its OTC trading symbol. All funds 
received in the Offering prior to the Closing (as defined below) shall be 
held in escrow by U.S. Bank N.A. (the "Escrow Agent") and, upon fulfillment 
of the other conditions precedent set forth herein, shall be released from 
escrow and delivered to Pubco, at which time certificates for the shares of 
Common Stock and the Warrants underlying the Units subscribed for shall be 
delivered, subject to Section 6 hereof and as further described below, to 
you. 1. SUBSCRIPTION AND PURCHASE PRICE (a) Subscription. Subject to the 
conditions set forth in Section 2 hereof, the undersigned hereby subscribes 
for and agrees to purchase the number of Units indicated above on the terms 
and conditions described herein. The minimum number of Units that may be 
purchased is 29,412. Subscriptions for lesser amounts may be accepted at 
the discretion of Pubco. (b) Purchase of Units. The undersigned understands 
and acknowledges that the purchase price to be remitted to Pubco in 
exchange for the Units shall be $3.40 per Unit, for an aggregate purchase 
price as set forth on Page 8 hereof (the "Aggregate Purchase Price"). The 
undersigned's delivery of this Agreement to Pubco shall be accompanied by 
payment, to the Escrow Agent, of the Aggregate Purchase Price, payable in 
United States dollars, by wire transfer of immediately available funds. The 
undersigned understands and agrees that, subject to Section 2 hereof and 
applicable laws, by executing this Agreement, he, she or it is entering 
into a binding agreement. 2. ACCEPTANCE, OFFERING TERM AND CLOSING 
PROCEDURES (a) Acceptance or Rejection. The obligation of the undersigned 
to purchase the Units shall, subject to the investor accreditation process, 
applicable securities laws and the closing conditions contained in Section 
6 hereof, be irrevocable and the undersigned shall be legally bound to 
purchase the Units subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement. The 
undersigned understands and agrees that Pubco reserves the right to reject 
this subscription for Units in whole or in part in any order at any time 
prior to the Closing if, in its reasonable judgment, it deems such action 
to be in the best interest of Pubco, notwithstanding the undersigned's 
prior receipt of notice of acceptance of the undersigned's subscription. In 
the event of rejection of this subscription by Pubco in accordance with 
this Section 2, or the sale of the Units is not consummated by Pubco for 
any reason, this Agreement and any other agreement entered into between the 
undersigned and Pubco relating to the undersigned's subscription for Units 
shall thereafter have no force or effect, and Pubco shall promptly return 
or cause to be returned to the undersigned the Aggregate Purchase Price 
remitted to the Escrow Agent, without interest thereon or deduction 
therefrom. (b) Closing/Offering Term. The subscription period for the 
Offering will begin as of [October 17, 2007]. The closing of the Offering 
(the "Closing") will occur upon the later of: (i) receipt of acceptable 
subscriptions equal to $6,000,000 (or 1,764,706 Units) or (ii) the closing 
of the Merger. The Offering will terminate on October 31, 2007, unless 
extended without notice by Pubco and the placement agent (the "Placement 
Agent") for the Offering for no more than two 30 day periods thereafter. If 
Pubco elects to extend the Offering period beyond October 31, 2007 and 
subscriptions for at least 1,764,706 Units have not been received and 
accepted by Pubco or the closing of the Merger has not occurred by such 
date, Pubco shall provide all prospective subscribers notice of its 
intention to so extend the offer and provide such subscribers with the 
opportunity to have all of such subscriber's funds on deposit with the 
Escrow Agent returned, without interest or deduction. 3. INVESTOR'S 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES The undersigned hereby acknowledges, agrees 
with and represents and warrants to Pubco, as follows: (a) The undersigned 
has full power and authority to enter into and deliver this Agreement and 
to perform the obligations hereunder, and the execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized, if applicable, and 
this Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the 
undersigned. (b) The undersigned acknowledges his, her or its understanding 
that the offering and sale of the Shares and Warrants comprising the Units 
(the "Underlying Securities") is intended to be exempt from registration 
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), by 
virtue of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and the provisions of 
Regulation D promulgated thereunder ("Regulation D"). In furtherance 
thereof, the undersigned represents and warrants to Pubco as follows: (i) 
The undersigned realizes that the basis for the exemption from registration 
may not be available if, notwithstanding the undersigned's representations 
contained herein, the undersigned is merely acquiring the Underlying 
Securities for a fixed or determinable period in the future, or for a 
market rise, or for sale if the market does not rise. The undersigned does 
not have any such intention. (ii) The undersigned is acquiring the 
Underlying Securities solely for the undersigned's own beneficial account, 
for investment purposes, and not with view to, or resale in connection 
with, any distribution of the Underlying Securities. (iii) The undersigned 
has the financial ability to bear the economic risk of his, her or its 
investment, has adequate means for providing for its current needs and 
contingencies, and has no need for liquidity with respect to the investment 
in Pubco. (iv) The undersigned and the undersigned's attorney, accountant, 
purchaser representative and/or tax advisor, if any (collectively, 
"Advisors"), have received, carefully reviewed and understand the 
information contained in the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum, 
dated October 17, 2007, together with all appendices and exhibits thereto 
(as such documents may be amended or supplemented, the "Memorandum"), 
relating to the Offering. (v) The undersigned (together with his, her or 
its Advisors, if any) has such knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the 
prospective investment in the Units. If other than an individual, the 
undersigned also represents it has not been organized solely for the 
purpose of acquiring the Units. (c) The information in the Confidential 
Investor Questionnaire attached hereto as Exhibit A and completed and 
executed by the undersigned is true and accurate in all respects, and the 
undersigned is an "accredited investor," as that term is defined in Rule 
501(a) of Regulation D. (d) The undersigned is not relying on Pubco or its 
affiliates or agents with respect to economic considerations involved in 
this investment. The undersigned has relied on the advice of, or has 
consulted with, only his, her or its Advisors. Each Advisor, if any, is 
capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Units as 
such are described in the Memorandum, and each Advisor, if any, has 
disclosed to the undersigned in writing (a copy of which is annexed to this 
Agreement) the specific details of any and all past, present or future 
relationships, actual or contemplated, between the Advisor and the 
Placement Agent or any affiliate or sub-agent thereof. (e) The undersigned 
represents, warrants and agrees that he, she or it will not sell or 
otherwise transfer the Underlying Securities without registration under the 
Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, and fully understands and agrees 
that the undersigned must bear the economic risk of his, her or its 
purchase because, among other reasons, the Underlying Securities have not 
been registered under the Securities Act or under the securities laws of 
any state and, therefore, cannot be resold, pledged, assigned or otherwise 
disposed of unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities 
Act and under the applicable securities laws of such states, or an 
exemption from such registration is available. In particular, the 
undersigned is aware that the Underlying Securities are "restricted 
securities," as such term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 
Securities Act ("Rule 144"), and they may not be sold pursuant to Rule 144 
unless all of the conditions of Rule 144 are met. The undersigned also 
understands that, except as otherwise provided in Section 4 hereof, Pubco 
is under no obligation to register the Underlying Securities on his, her or 
its behalf or to assist them in complying with any exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. 
The undersigned understands that any sales or transfers of the Underlying 
Securities are further restricted by state securities laws and the 
provisions of this Agreement. (f) The undersigned understands and agrees 
that the certificates for the Underlying Securities shall bear 
substantially the following legend until (i) the Shares shall have been 
registered under the Securities Act and effectively disposed of in 
accordance with a registration statement that has been declared effective 
or (ii) in the opinion of counsel for Pubco, the Shares may be sold without 
registration under the Securities Act, as well as any applicable "blue sky" 
or state securities laws: THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE 
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES 
HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, 
SOLD, DELIVERED AFTER SALE, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE 
ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED BY THE ISSUER WITH THE 
U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION COVERING SUCH SECURITIES UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER THAT 
SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. (g) No representations or warranties 
have been made to the undersigned by Pubco or RedRoller, or any of their 
respective officers, employees, agents, sub-agents, affiliates or 
subsidiaries, other than any representations of Pubco or RedRoller 
contained in the Memorandum, and in subscribing for the Units the 
undersigned is not relying upon any representations other than those 
contained in the Memorandum. (h) The undersigned understands and 
acknowledges that his, her or its purchase of the Units is a speculative 
investment that involves a high degree of risk and the potential loss of 
the undersigned's entire investment and has carefully read and considered 
the matters set forth in the Memorandum, in particular the matters 
discussed in the Section contained therein entitled "RISK FACTORS," and, in 
particular, acknowledges that Pubco has a limited operating history and, 
subsequent to the Merger, will be engaged in a highly-competitive business 
sector. (i) The undersigned's overall commitment to investments that are 
not readily marketable is not disproportionate to the undersigned's net 
worth, and an investment in the Units will not cause such overall 
commitment to become excessive. (j) Neither the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") nor any state securities commission has 
approved the Underlying Securities or passed upon or endorsed the merits of 
the Offering or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the 
Memorandum. The Memorandum has not been reviewed by any federal, state or 
other regulatory authority. Any representation to the contrary is a crime. 
(k) The undersigned and his, her or its Advisors, if any, have had a 
reasonable opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from a 
person or persons acting on behalf of Pubco and RedRoller concerning the 
offering of the Units and the business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects of Pubco and RedRoller, and all such questions 
have been answered to the full satisfaction of the undersigned and his, her 
or its Advisors, if any. (l) The undersigned is unaware of, is in no way 
relying on, and did not become aware of the offering of the Units through 
or as a result of, any form of general solicitation or general advertising 
including, without limitation, any article, notice, advertisement or other 
communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or 
broadcast over television or radio, or electronic mail over the Internet, 
in connection with the offering and sale of the Units and is not 
subscribing for Units and did not become aware of the offering of the Units 
through or as a result of any seminar or meeting to which the undersigned 
was invited by, or any solicitation of a subscription by, a person not 
previously known to the undersigned in connection with investments in 
securities generally. (m) The undersigned has taken no action which would 
give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, finders, 
fees or the like relating to this Agreement or the transactions 
contemplated hereby (other than commissions to be paid by Pubco and 
RedRoller to the Placement Agent, its sub-agents or as otherwise described 
in the Memorandum). (n) The undersigned is not relying on Pubco, RedRoller, 
the Placement Agent, or any of their respective employees, agents or 
sub-agents with respect to the legal, tax, economic and related 
considerations of an investment in the Units, and the undersigned has 
relied on the advice of, or has consulted with, only his, her or its own 
Advisors. (o) The undersigned acknowledges that any estimates or 
forward-looking statements or projections included in the Memorandum were 
prepared by the future management of Pubco in good faith, but that the 
attainment of any such projections, estimates or forward-looking statements 
cannot be guaranteed by Pubco, RedRoller or their respective management and 
should not be relied upon. (p) No oral or written representations have been 
made, or oral or written information furnished, to the undersigned or his, 
her or its Advisors, if any, in connection with the offering of the Units 
which are in any way inconsistent with the information contained in the 
Memorandum. (q) The undersigned's substantive relationship with the 
Placement Agent or sub-agents through which the undersigned is subscribing 
for Units predates the Placement Agent's or such sub-agents' contact with 
the undersigned regarding an investment in the Units. (r) (For ERISA plans 
only) The fiduciary of the ERISA plan (the "Plan") represents that such 
fiduciary has been informed of and understands Pubco's investment 
objectives, policies and strategies, and that the decision to invest "plan 
assets" (as such term is defined in ERISA) in Pubco is consistent with the 
provisions of ERISA that require diversification of plan assets and impose 
other fiduciary responsibilities. The subscriber or Plan fiduciary (a) is 
responsible for the decision to invest in Pubco; (b) is independent of 
Pubco and any of its affiliates; (c) is qualified to make such investment 
decision; and (d) in making such decision, the subscriber or Plan fiduciary 
has not relied primarily on any advice or recommendation of Pubco or any of 
its affiliates or its agents. 4. REGISTRATION RIGHTS The undersigned shall 
have registration rights with respect to the Shares issued and held of 
record by the undersigned and the shares of Common Stock underlying the 
Warrants, as set forth in greater detail in the Registration Rights 
Agreement (the "Registration Rights Agreement") attached hereto as Exhibit 
B. 5. INSIDER TRADING PROHIBITION; INDEMNITY; ESCROW RELEASE (a) Until the 
filing by Pubco of a current report on Form 8-K with the SEC describing the 
Merger and the Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees to (i) refrain from 
(A) engaging in any transactions with respect to the capital stock of Pubco 
or securities exercisable or convertible into or exchangeable for any 
shares of capital stock of Pubco, and (B) entering into any transaction 
which would have the same effect, or entering into any swap, hedge or other 
arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic 
consequences of ownership of the capital stock of Pubco and (ii) indemnify 
and hold harmless Pubco, the Placement Agent, and their respective officers 
and directors, employees, agents, sub-agents and affiliates and each other 
person, if any, who controls any of the foregoing, against any loss, 
liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited 
to, any and all expenses whatsoever reasonably incurred in investigating, 
preparing or defending against any litigation commenced or threatened or 
any claim whatsoever) arising out of or based upon any violation of this 
Section 5 by the undersigned. (b) The undersigned agrees to indemnify and 
hold harmless Pubco, the Placement Agent, the Escrow Agent and their 
respective officers and directors, employees, agents, sub-agents and 
affiliates and each other person, if any, who controls any of the 
foregoing, against any loss, liability, claim, damage and expense 
whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all expenses whatsoever 
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any 
litigation commenced or threatened or any claim whatsoever) arising out of 
or based upon any false representation or warranty by the undersigned, or 
the undersigned's breach of, or failure to comply with, any covenant or 
agreement made by the undersigned herein or in any other document furnished 
by the undersigned to Pubco, the Placement Agent, the Escrow Agent and 
their respective officers and directors, employees, agents, sub-agents and 
affiliates and each other person, if any, who controls any of the foregoing 
in connection with the Offering. (c) The subscriber acknowledges that the 
Placement Agent may act on behalf of the subscribers, solely for the sake 
of convenience, in connection with confirmation to the Escrow Agent that 
the Closing has occurred and thereby direct the Escrow Agent to disburse 
the subscription funds held in escrow to Pubco at such time. 6. CONDITIONS 
TO ACCEPTANCE OF SUBSCRIPTION Pubco's right to accept the subscription of 
the undersigned is conditioned upon satisfaction of the following 
conditions precedent on or before the date Pubco accepts such subscription 
(any or all of which may be waived by the undersigned in his, her or its 
sole discretion): (a) On the date of the Closing, no legal action, suit or 
proceeding shall be pending which seeks to restrain or prohibit the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. (b) The closing of the Merger 
shall occur concurrently with or prior to the acceptance of this 
subscription. 7. NOTICES TO SUBSCRIBERS (a) THE UNDERLYING SECURITIES HAVE 
NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY 
STATE AND ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS. THE SHARES 
HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE SEC, ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING 
AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS OFFERING OR THE 
ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THE MEMORANDUM. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY 
IS UNLAWFUL. (b) THE UNDERLYING SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON 
TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS 
PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, 
PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. SUBSCRIBERS SHOULD BE 
AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS 
INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. (c) THE SALE OF THE SECURITIES 
THAT ARE THE SUBJECT OF THIS OFFERING HAS NOT BEEN QUALIFIED WITH THE 
COMMISSIONER OF CORPORATIONS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA AND THE ISSUANCE OF 
SUCH SECURITIES OR THE PAYMENT OR RECEIPT OF ANY PART OF THE CONSIDERATION 
FOR SUCH SECURITIES PRIOR TO SUCH QUALIFICATION IS UNLAWFUL, UNLESS THE 
SALE OF THE SECURITIES IS EXEMPT FROM QUALIFICATION BY SECTION 25000, 25102 
OR 25105 OF THE CALIFORNIA CORPORATIONS CODE. THE RIGHTS OF ALL PARTIES ARE 
EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON SUCH QUALIFICATION BEING OBTAINED, UNLESS THE 
SALE IS SO EXEMPT. 8. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS (a) Confidential 
Information. The subscriber agrees that no portion of the Confidential 
Information (as defined below) shall be disclosed to third parties, except 
as may be required by law, without the prior express written consent of 
Pubco; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the subscriber may share such information 
with such of its officers and professional advisors as may need to know 
such information to assist the subscriber in its evaluation thereof on the 
condition that such parties agree to be bound by the terms hereof. 
"Confidential Information" means the existence and terms of this Agreement, 
the transactions contemplated hereby, and the disclosures and other 
information contained herein or in the Memorandum, excluding any 
disclosures or other information that are publicly available. (b) 
Modification. Neither this Agreement, nor any provisions hereof, shall be 
waived, modified, discharged or terminated except by an instrument in 
writing signed by the party against whom any waiver, modification, 
discharge or termination is sought. (b) Survival. The undersigned's 
representations and warranties made in this Agreement shall survive the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the delivery of the Underlying 
Securities. (c) Notices. Any party may send any notice, request, demand, 
claim or other communication hereunder to the undersigned at the address 
set forth on the signature page of this Agreement or to Pubco at the 
address set forth above using any means (including personal delivery, 
expedited courier, messenger service, fax, ordinary mail or electronic 
mail), but no such notice, request, demand, claim or other communication 
will be deemed to have been duly given unless and until it actually is 
received by the intended recipient. Any party may change the address to 
which notices, requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder 
are to be delivered by giving the other parties written notice in the 
manner herein set forth. (d) Binding Effect. Except as otherwise provided 
herein, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, 
the parties to this Agreement and their heirs, executors, administrators, 
successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns. If the undersigned 
is more than one person or entity, the obligation of the undersigned shall 
be joint and several and the agreements, representations, warranties and 
acknowledgments contained herein shall be deemed to be made by, and be 
binding upon, each such person or entity and his or its heirs, executors, 
administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns. 
This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between 
the parties as to the subject matter thereof and merges and supersedes all 
prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any and every nature 
among them, as to the subject matter hereof. (e) Assignability. This 
Agreement is not transferable or assignable by the undersigned. (f) 
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to 
conflicts of law principles. (g) Counterparts. This Agreement may be 
executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an 
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. (h) Further Assurances. Each of the parties shall execute such 
documents and perform such further acts (including, without limitation, 
obtaining any consents, exemptions, authorizations, or other actions by, or 
giving any notices to, or making any filings with, any governmental 
authority or any other person) as may be reasonably required or desirable 
to carry out or to perform the provisions of this Agreement. (i) 
Severability. If any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the 
application thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the validity, legality and 
enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of the 
remaining provisions hereof shall not be in any way impaired, unless the 
provisions held invalid, illegal or unenforceable shall substantially 
impair the benefits of the remaining provisions hereof. [REMAINDER OF PAGE 
LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK - SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] ALL SUBSCRIBERS MUST 
COMPLETE THIS PAGE --------------------------------------- IN WITNESS 
WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Agreement on the ___ day of 
____________ 2007. ____________________ x $3.40 for each Unit = 
$_______________________ Units subscribed for Aggregate Purchase Price 
Manner in which title is to be held (please check one): 1. __ Individual 7. 
__ Trust/Estate/Pension or Profit sharing Plan Date Opened:______ 2. __ 
Joint Tenants with Right of 8. __ As a Custodian for Survivorship 
_______________________________ Under the Uniform Gift to Minors Act of the 
State of _______________________________ 3. __ Community Property 9. __ 
Married with Separate Property 4. __ Tenants in Common 10. __ Keogh 5. __ 
Corporation/Partnership/Limited 11. __ Tenants by the Entirety Liability 
Company 6. __ IRA IF MORE THAN ONE SUBSCRIBER, EACH SUBSCRIBER MUST SIGN. 
INDIVIDUAL SUBSCRIBERS MUST COMPLETE PAGE 10. SUBSCRIBERS WHICH ARE 
ENTITIES MUST COMPLETE PAGE 11. EXECUTION BY NATURAL PERSONS 
---------------------------- --------------------------------------- Exact 
Name in Which Title is to be Held --------------------------------- 
-------------------------------- Name (Please Print) Name of Additional 
Purchaser --------------------------------- 
-------------------------------- Residence: Number and Street Address of 
Additional Purchaser --------------------------------- 
-------------------------------- City, State and Zip Code City, State and 
Zip Code --------------------------------- -------------------------------- 
Social Security Number Social Security Number 
--------------------------------- -------------------------------- 
Telephone Number Telephone Number --------------------------------- 
-------------------------------- Fax Number (if available) Fax Number (if 
available) --------------------------------- 
-------------------------------- E-Mail (if available) E-Mail (if 
available) --------------------------------- 
-------------------------------- (Signature) (Signature of Additional 
Purchaser) ACCEPTED this __ day of _________ 2007, on behalf of Pubco. By: 
--------------------------- Name: Title: EXECUTION BY SUBSCRIBER WHICH IS 
AN ENTITY ------------------------------------------ (Corporation, 
Partnership, LLC, Trust, Etc.) -------------------------------------------- 
Name of Entity (Please Print) Date of Incorporation or Organization: 
_______________________________________ State of Principal Office: 
___________________________________________________ Federal Taxpayer 
Identification Number: _____________________________________ 
-------------------------------------------- Office Address 
-------------------------------------------- City, State and Zip Code 
-------------------------------------------- Telephone Number 
-------------------------------------------- Fax Number (if available) 
-------------------------------------------- E-Mail (if available) By: 
_________________________ Name: Title: ACCEPTED this ___ day of _________ 
2007, on behalf of Pubco. By: ____________________________ Name: Title: