 EX-10.29 6 y38161a2exv10w29.htm EX-10.29: PROMISSORY NOTE


 

Exhibit 10.29


PROMISSORY NOTE
  	  	 
$1,000,000.00
  	June 1, 2007

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, FX Luxury Realty, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (the Payor), hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the order 
of Flag Luxury Properties, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 
Payee), in lawful money of the United States of America in immediately 
available funds, the principal sum of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00), 
together with interest thereon, compounded annually, from the date hereof 
through December 31, 2007 at the rate of 5.00% per annum and thereafter 
from January 1, 2008 through maturity at the rate of 10.00% per annum (at 
either rate, calculated on the actual number of days elapsed and an assumed 
year of 360 days) (each a Stated Rate). This principal amount, together 
with interest accrued thereon at the Stated Rates commencing on the date 
hereof, shall be due and payable in full on the March 31, 2008 (the 
Scheduled Maturity Date).

     The principal and accrued interest balance of this Note may be prepaid 
in whole or in part at any time without a premium or penalty of any kind.

     If any payment of principal and accrued interest is not made within 
five (5) business days after same becomes due hereunder, or if any other 
Acceleration Event (as defined below) shall occur for any reason then and 
in any such event, in addition to all rights and remedies of the Payee 
under this Note, applicable law or otherwise, all such rights and remedies 
being cumulative, not exclusive and enforceable alternatively, successively 
and concurrently, the Payee may, at its option, declare due any or all of 
the Payors obligations, liabilities and indebtedness owing to the Payee 
under this Note whereupon the then unpaid balance hereof shall immediately 
be due and payable, together with all expenses of collection hereof, 
including, but not limited to, attorneys fees and legal expenses (for this 
purpose, the Payor shall pay all trial and appellate attorneys fees, costs 
and expenses, paid or incurred by the Payee in connection with collection 
of this Note). If the foregoing unpaid balances, expenses and collection 
costs are not paid upon demand upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event 
(collectively, the Unpaid Amounts), such Unpaid Amounts shall bear 
interest until paid in full at the then Stated Rate plus 5.00% per annum or 
the maximum interest rate then permitted under applicable law (whichever is 
less) (the Default Rate). From and after maturity of this Note (whether 
upon the Scheduled Maturity, or by acceleration or otherwise, the Unpaid 
Amounts shall bear interest until paid in full at the Default Rate. For 
purposes hereof, Acceleration Event means the first to occur of the 
following: (i) if any portion of this Note is not paid when due, (ii) the 
Payor having made an assignment for the benefit of creditors, filed a 
petition in bankruptcy, applied to or petitioned any tribunal for the 
appointment of a custodian, receiver, intervener or trustee for the Payor, 
or commenced any proceeding for any arrangement or readjustment of its 
debts, (iii) any such petition or application having been filed or 
proceeding having commenced against the Payor and the Payor not having 
interposed a defense thereto within the time permitted under applicable

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

law, (iv) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of 
Payors assets or (v) the dissolution of Payor.

     The Payor (i) waives diligence, demand, presentment, protest and 
notice of any kind, and (ii) agrees that it will not be necessary for the 
Payee to first institute suit in order to enforce payment of this Note.

     The validity, interpretation and enforcement of this Note and any 
dispute arising in connection herewith or therewith shall be governed by 
the internal laws of the State of New York (without giving effect to 
principles of conflicts of law).

     The Payor irrevocably consents and submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the state courts of the State of New York located in the 
County of New York and the United States District Court whose district 
covers such county, and waives any objection based on venue or forum non 
conveniens with respect to any action instituted therein arising under this 
Note.

     EACH OF PAYOR AND PAYEE HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY 
CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER THIS NOTE, AND 
CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE 
DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY.

     The Payor may not assign this Note and/or delegate any of its 
obligations hereunder without the written consent of the Payee. This Note 
is not secured by any collateral of any nature. Neither this Note nor all 
or any portion of the Payees rights and interests herein may be 
negotiated, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise transferred by 
Payee.

     The Payor shall be solely responsible for any necessary tax or 
assessment relating to this Note; provided, however, that the Payor shall 
not be responsible for Payees tax obligations arising from receipt of 
funds set forth herein.

     If any term or provision of this Note shall be held invalid, illegal 
or unenforceable, the validity of all other terms and provisions hereof 
shall in no way be affected thereby.

     The waiver by the Payee of the Payors prompt and complete performance 
of, or default under, any provision of this Note shall not operate nor be 
construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or default, and the failure 
by the Payee to exercise any right or remedy which it may possess hereunder 
or under applicable law shall not operate nor be construed as a bar to the 
exercise of any such right or remedy upon the occurrence of any subsequent 
breach or default.


[Signature Page Follows]

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Payor has executed this Promissory Note the 
day and year first written above.
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	FX LUXURY REALTY, LLC
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	Flag Luxury Properties, LLC 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Mitchell J. Nelson 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Mitchell J. Nelson 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Senior Vice President 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 

 