 EX-10 2 ex_10-1.htm CONSULTING AND FINANCIAL ADVISORY AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.1
 
CONSULTING AND FINANCIAL ADVISORY AGREEMENT
 
CONSULTING AND FINANCIAL ADVISORY AGREEMENT, dated as of October 15, 2007 
(the Agreement), by and between Ascendia Brands, Inc., with principal 
offices at 100 American Metro Boulevard, Suite 108, Hamilton, NJ 08619 
(ABI or the Company), Carl Marks Advisory Group LLC (CMAG or 
Consultant) and Carl Marks Securities LLC, a registered broker/dealer 
(CMS), each with principal offices at 900 Third Avenue, New York, NY 
10022.
 
WHEREAS, ABI desires to engage the financial and management consulting 
services of CMAG and the financial advisory services of CMS, subject to the 
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and
 
WHEREAS, CMAG and CMS has agreed to provide such financial and management 
consulting services and financial advisory services subject to the terms 
and conditions hereinafter set forth;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and for other good 
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
1. Engagement: ABI engages CMAG, and CMAG agrees to serve, as a financial 
restructuring and management consultant for ABI. Mark L. Claster, a Partner 
of CMAG, will serve as the project partner on this engagement with Douglas 
A. Booth, a Partner of CMAG, serving as the review partner. Messrs. Claster 
and Booth shall supervise this engagement with whatever additional 
resources from CMAG are reasonably required. ABI understands and 
acknowledges that CMAG and Messrs. Claster and Booth have and will continue 
to have other engagements during the term of this Agreement.
 
2. Scope:
 
Phase I - (October 15, 2007 - December 15, 2007)
A. CMAG will provide consulting and management services, (the Operational 
Advisory Services) to ABI by assisting in the development and creation of 
a restructuring plan, (the Plan) to be presented to the Company and the 
Restructuring Committee of ABIs Board of Directors (the RC), and 
thereafter the Board of Directors (the BOD). The Plan will include the 
incorporation of cost savings, profit improvement plans, capital
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------


restructuring and financing alternatives, as well as other strategic 
alternatives intended to maximize stakeholder value and create a properly 
leveraged entity. CMAG will provide such services utilizing qualified 
personnel that will include, but not be limited to, the following:
 
CMAG will provide Managing Director, Jack Wissman, to serve in the capacity 
of Interim Chief Financial Officer to perform the Chief Financial Officer 
duties of ABI, including without limitation (i) assuming responsibility for 
overseeing the compilation of any Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Annual 
Report on Form 10-K or other disclosure document required to be filed 
during the term of this Agreement, (ii) liaison with the Companys 
independent auditor (BDO Seidman LLP) and auditing consultants, (iii) 
liaison with regulatory bodies, including the American Stock Exchange and 
the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission, (iv) operational supervision of 
the Companys Finance Department and maintenance of appropriate internal 
controls therein, and (v) such other duties as the Company may from time to 
time specify, consistent with the position of Chief Financial Officer as 
well as to assist ABI in creating and developing the Plan.
 
In performing the Operational Advisory Services, Doug Booth, Partner will 
lead the development of the Plan and CMAG will provide additional personnel 
as required to assist in the creation of the Plan, including Managing 
Director, Edward Dwyer, to assist with the manufacturing components of the 
Plan and Managing Director, Jim Wiesen, to work on a full-time basis in the 
finance function providing additional capability in critical areas such as:
 
 

cash control and monitoring;
     
 

cost analysis in support of the restructuring initiatives; and
     
 

projecting the performance implications of operations related 
restructurings.
 
Additionally, Mr. Wiesen will respond to and support the CFO and the VP of 
Finance in the performance of their respective duties.
 
In its performance of the development and creation of the Plan, CMAG will 
also complete an assessment of the business which will include but not be 
limited to:
     
 

Analyze the Companys financial and capital needs in detail including all 
significant underlying assumptions;
         
 
o
Review past performance and current financial trends
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
o
Review revenue assumptions by business segment, customer, channel and 
product category, considering competitive factors, pricing pressures and 
recent trends
         
 
o
Review orders/backlog and program commitments and compare to forecasts and 
historical experience
         
 
o
Review margin assumptions
         
 
o
Review cost assumptions including current run rates, cost reduction 
programs already in progress, prospective cost reduction programs, etc.
         
 
o
Review balance sheet and liquidity assumptions
     
 

Review 13-week cash flow forecasts to understand and refine the liquidity 
outlook;
     
 

Review existing projections, internal budget, current performance, 
variances, monthly and quarterly financials;
     
 

Review the Companys overall business plan and financial projections, 
current execution to the plan and expected efficiencies and cost savings;
     
 

Report to the Company and/or the RC on the progress of the Plan at such 
time as the Company and/or the RC request;
     
 

Assist with further identification of actionable opportunities, cost 
related or otherwise, intended to improve the Companys performance;
     
 

Assist the Company in evaluating optimal capital structures including, but 
not limited to, participating in negotiations with all current and 
potential participants in the Companys capital structure;
     
 

Communicate and interface with the Companys creditors and stakeholders;
     
 

Assist with the development and review of the business plan and 
organizational business model for the Company intended to optimize its 
current asset utilization to provide profitability and overall performance 
improvement;
     
 

Support the Companys restructuring initiatives; execute the proposed 
business plan and organizational model;
     
 

Develop an initial model of the restructured business (2009 outlook) along 
with the estimated restructuring costs and timeframe;
     
 

If required, assist in the preparation of (i) a petition under Chapter 11 
of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and schedules related thereto, and (ii) a plan 
of reorganization within the context of a Chapter 11 proceeding; and
     
 

Perform other tasks and duties related to this engagement as are reasonably 
directed by the Company and acceptable to CMAG.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------


B. CMAG will provide additional services to the Company related to its 
financial restructuring activities, (Financial Advisory Services), 
including advising the RC and Company generally of available capital and 
debt restructuring alternatives (the Debt Restructuring) and financing 
alternatives (the Financing) and assisting in discussions and 
negotiations with creditors and other third parties to pursue strategic 
alternatives intended to maximize stakeholder value. Such activities will 
include:
     
 

Advise as to any potential strategic or financial investors who would be 
willing to work with the Company to fund its restructuring plans;
     
 

Assist the Company in obtaining covenant relief including forbearance and 
any other means;
     
 

Negotiate any debt restructuring proposals from creditors and terms 
thereof;
     
 

Assist the Company in obtaining any and all forms of capital on terms 
acceptable;
     
 

Advise the Company on all strategic alternatives including a sale of assets 
and balance sheet restructuring; and
     
 

Negotiate and facilitate discussions among the creditors to achieve 
consensus around a restructuring plan.
 
Such activities shall also include CMAG advising the Company in 
determining, if appropriate, the best means and timing to effect a sale, 
merger, financing, restructuring, joint venture or other combination or 
disposition of the Company, its assets and/or its stock, or any portion 
thereof, whether owned directly or indirectly, in one or more transactions 
(each a Transaction) with any person or entity (including, among others, 
former or existing creditors, investors, affiliates, employees and/or 
shareholders), (all of the foregoing being considered Constituents). To 
facilitate any such Transactions, if and when appropriate, CMAG will 
develop a list of potential acquirers, investors and/or strategic partners 
(jointly referred herein as Investors) and, subject to the Companys 
consent in each case, interact with such Investors in an effort to create 
interest in one or more Transactions. CMAG will prepare an offering 
memorandum (Offering Memorandum) (with input from the Company) to provide 
to interested Investors. CMAGs services will include, but will not be 
limited to, developing a coordinated sales effort (including an auction 
process, if appropriate), and assisting in the negotiation and structuring 
of the financial aspects of each proposed Transaction. As appropriate, CMAG 
will submit and discuss the Offering Memorandum with interested parties, 
will coordinate the negotiating process with the Company and its other 
advisors, will actively participate in negotiations, and otherwise 
reasonably assist the Company in effectuating each Transaction, provided 
that the Company shall have the absolute discretion to agree
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------


whether, and on what terms, to implement any such Transaction. To the 
extent that CMAG determines that any services under this section involve an 
offering of securities, such services will be provided by CMS, its broker 
dealer affiliate.
 
Phase II - (Beginning December 15, 2007 through the Term of the Agreement)
CMAG will continue to provide ongoing Financial Advisory Services to ABI as 
contemplated hereby as well as to continue to provide Jack Wissman to serve 
in the role of Interim Chief Financial Officer.
 
3. Term: The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date of this 
Agreement and shall continue until the engagement is completed unless 
canceled with or without cause by either party on ten (10) business days 
prior written notice, in which event the Term shall cease and all 
compensation and expenses for periods prior thereto and then owing to CMAG 
pursuant to Sections 4 and 5 below shall be immediately due and payable. If 
at any time during the Residual Period (as defined below), ABI completes a 
Transaction, Financing or Debt Restructuring with any Covered Party 
(defined in Section 9), and a closing of any Transaction, Financing or Debt 
Restructuring occurs within the Residual Period, ABI shall pay CMAG the 
applicable compensation and expenses pursuant to Section 4 and 5 below, 
payable within ten (10) days following the closing of any Transaction, 
Financing, or Restructuring. The Residual Period shall extend from one 
(1) year from the date of termination of this Agreement.
 
4. Compensation:
 
Phase I: A. For work performed by CMAG as described in Section 2 A. above, 
ABI shall pay CMAG a fixed monthly fee of $235,000 for the Operational 
Advisory Services described above and for Jack Wissman as Interim Chief 
Financial Officer. No amount shall be due under this paragraph for months 
beginning after the expiration or termination of the Term.
 
B. For work performed by CMAG as described in Section 2 B. above, ABI shall 
pay CMAG a fixed monthly fee of $90,000 for the Financial Advisory Services 
described aboveSuch fees shall be payable in advance commencing from the 
date of this Agreement and each subsequent month thereafter. . No amount 
shall be due under this paragraph for months beginning after the expiration 
or termination of the Term.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------


C. In addition, CMAG shall be entitled to a success fee (Success Fee) as 
hereinafter described:
 
In the event that ABI closes on one or more Financings, Debt Restructurings 
or Transactions during the Term or within the Residual Period, ABI shall 
pay CMAG a Success Fee which shall be earned in full when each such 
Financing is completed with any party during the pendency of this Agreement 
or within one year after the Agreement is terminated (except as otherwise 
provided below and only as to a Covered Party during the Residual Period). 
The Success Fee shall be paid in cash and equal to the sum of the 
Financing, Debt Restructuring Fees and Transaction Success Fees, in an 
aggregate amount not to exceed $3.5 million, which shall be defined as 
follows:
 
 
(i)
Debt Restructuring Fee. In the event of a closing of a Restructuring, ABI 
shall pay CMAG a Debt Restructuring Fee in the amount of the greater of (a) 
$500,000 or (b) 1.5% of the total amount of debt that was restructured.
     
 
(ii)
Financing Success Fee. In the event that ABI closes on one or more 
Financings, ABI shall pay CMAG an additional fee equal to one 1.0% of the 
stated facility amount of any senior debt or debtor in possession Financing 
raised and three 3.0% percent of the stated facility amount of any junior, 
subordinated or mezzanine debt Financing raised. However, ABI shall not owe 
CMAG a fee on any portion of the Financing provided by Prentice Capital 
Management LP or any of its affiliates or related parties. To the extent 
that CMS performs services as provided under Section 2, Phase I B above, 
all such fees earned under this section will be payable to CMS.
 
 
(iii)
Transaction Success Fee. In the event of a closing on any Transaction, ABI 
shall pay CMAG a Transaction Success Fee in the amount equal to 1.5% of the 
Transaction Value of each Transaction.
     
It is also possible that one or more providers of debt Financing may 
require that part of the Financing include additional equity as condition 
of closing on the debt to be provided. In that event, or in the event that 
ABI elects to have capital infused in the form of equity, then ABI shall 
pay CMAG a Transaction Success Fee equal to 5.0% of the total commitment of 
any equity. ABI shall not owe CMAG a fee on any portion of the
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Financing provided by Prentice Capital Management LP or any of its 
affiliates or related parties.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, ABI shall not 
owe more than one fee under (i), (ii), or (iii) above with respect to the 
same event and the paragraph as to which such fee is payable shall be 
determined in good faith by the Company (as approved by the BOD) whose 
determination shall be binding.
 
For the purposes of this Agreement, Transaction Value shall mean total 
consideration paid or payable (e.g. cash, stock, or other securities, 
consulting agreements, earn outs, deferred or escrowed consideration and/or 
notes) to the company and/or its shareholders; plus the total book value of 
any indebtedness for money borrowed, directly or indirectly assumed, 
forgiven, repaid, refinanced, restructured, retired, extinguished or 
acquired as a result of the Transaction or that otherwise remains 
outstanding as of the closing of the Transaction. If the value of any 
portion of the Transaction is not readily determinable, then the Company 
(in consultation with the BOD) and CMAG will determine a dollar equivalent 
by agreement before the closing. Any amounts to be paid contingent upon 
future events shall be estimated in a manner agreeable to you and us, 
except that amounts held in escrow shall be deemed paid when actually paid 
out of escrow. To the extent that any amounts under the foregoing 
definition of Transaction Value would be double counted (e.g., payments to 
the Company for purposes of repayment of indebtedness), such amounts shall 
not be included more than once in the calculation of Transaction Value and 
the amount so included shall be determined by the Company (as approved by 
the BOD) and CMAG pursuant to good faith discussions and agreement.
 
For purposes of determining the amount of any Success Fee payable 
hereunder, (i) in the case of a Transaction Success Fee or Financing 
Success Fee payable in connection with any transaction not involving a Debt 
Restructuring, one hundred percent (100%) of all monthly fees paid during 
the term of this agreement and under the Prior Agreement shall be credited 
against the amount of such Success Fee, and (ii) in all other cases, fifty 
percent (50%) of any monthly fees paid during the first six (6) months of 
this agreement and one hundred percent (100%) of all fees payable 
thereafter shall be credited against the amount of such Success Fee.
 
Phase II: C. For work performed by CMAG as described in Section 2, Phase II 
above, ABI shall pay CMAG a fixed monthly of $165,000 for the Financial 
Advisory Services
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------


and only for Interim Chief Financial Officer services. Such fees shall be 
payable in advance commencing from the start date of Phase II and each 
subsequent month thereafter. No amount shall be due under this paragraph 
for months beginning after the expiration or termination of the Term.
 
D. If the Company (as approved by the BOD) requests CMAG to provide 
continued Operational Advisory Services after December 15th, 2007, ABI and 
CMAG shall mutually agree upon the terms and compensation of such services 
to be performed in advance of those services being performed.
 
To the extent the Company (as approved by the BOD) requests CMAG (or CMS) 
to perform additional services not contemplated by this Agreement, such 
services and the fees for such services, shall be mutually agreed-upon by 
CMAG (or CMS) and the Company (as approved by the BOD) in writing in 
advance of those services being performed.
     
5. Expenses: CMAG and CMS shall be entitled to reimbursement for all 
reasonable expenses incurred by it in the performance of its duties (the 
Expenses) upon presentation of appropriate documentation therefor. Such 
Expenses shall include, but not be limited to, transportation of any of 
CMAG or CMS senior personnel, employees or associates on business related 
to the engagement, all legal expenses without limitation, cost of hotels, 
meals, etc. Such Expenses shall also include, but not be limited to, all 
reasonable legal fees incurred by CMAG or CMS in connection with the 
performance of the services contemplated by this Agreement, provided that 
ABI first consents to the retention of such counsel for such services 
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). All Expenses 
shall be reimbursed upon receipt of invoices therefor, which shall be 
submitted promptly after the end of each week in which consulting services 
are provided.
 
6. Indemnification: ABI shall indemnify CMAG and CMS and hold them harmless 
for all acts or omissions, and all decisions made, by either or both of 
them (other than as a result of gross negligence or willful misconduct) 
while performing services for ABI hereunder and agrees to pay directly, 
upon presentation thereof, all statements or invoices for all fees and 
expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees incurred by either or both 
of them in connection with the defense of any such claims based on their 
alleged acts, omissions or decisions (other than made or taken through 
gross negligence or willful
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------


misconduct or violation of law or bad faith), including any suit or 
proceeding relating thereto and any appeal therefrom and the costs of any 
settlement thereof (Claim), provided that with respect to costs incurred 
in any appeal of a judgment, ABI first consents to appealing such judgment 
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) not 
withstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5. CMAG and CMS shall have 
the sole right to select counsel of its choosing and control the defense of 
any such Claim, but ABI shall have the right to accept or reject the 
settlement of any Claim for which indemnification is sought by them 
hereunder (which acceptance or rejection shall not be unreasonably withheld 
or delayed). For purposes of this Section CMAG and CMS include their 
members, officers, directors, employees and/or agents, and their affiliates 
and each of their respective shareholders, members, officers, directors, 
employees and/or agents. The provisions of this Section 6 shall survive the 
term of this Agreement. The indemnity provided hereunder shall not limit 
any duties or obligations that individuals may have in the performance of 
officer duties for the Company under this Agreement.
 
7. Proprietary Work Product and Confidential Company Information: ABI 
acknowledges and agrees that any work product produced by CMAG or CMS are 
for the sole use of ABI and is not intended for distribution to, or to be 
relied upon by, any third parties. The foregoing shall not limit or 
restrict or affect any disclosures that the Company determines are 
appropriate to be made under applicable securities laws or rules or the 
rules or regulations of any securities exchange and shall not limit or 
restrict or affect any obligation that any persons performing services 
hereunder may have in fulfilling an officer role (e.g., Chief Financial 
Officer) for the Company and shall in now way restrict the ability of the 
Company to share any such work product with its accountants, auditors, 
advisors, attorneys, officers, directors, board or board committees or 
others who the Company (or the RC or BOD) determines have a reason to know 
such information in connection with their dealings with the Company.
 
In addition, CMAG and CMS acknowledge and agree that as a result of the 
services to be provided hereunder, the persons performing such services may 
acquire knowledge and information of a secret and confidential nature. CMAG 
and CMS further acknowledge and agree that this information constitutes 
valuable property of ABI generally not being disseminated or made known to 
persons or organizations outside ABI at all, or if made known, being done 
so only under specific and restrictive conditions such as to ensure that it 
does not become readily available to the public, and also that confidential 
information
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------


of others may be received by ABI with restrictions on its use and 
disclosure. Accordingly, CMAG and CMS each agree that:
 
(i)
CMAG and CMS and any person performing any services for either or both of 
them hereunder shall not, during the term of this Agreement or at any time 
thereafter, disclose to anyone outside ABI or use in other than ABIs 
business any secret or confidential information of ABI or its subsidiaries 
or affiliates, except as authorized by ABI. ABI information that is not 
readily available to the public shall be considered secret and confidential 
for the purpose of this Agreement and shall include, but not be limited to, 
information relating to ABI, its subsidiaries and affiliates, customers, 
processes, products, apparatus, data, compounds, business studies, business 
and contracting plans, business procedures and finances;
    
(ii)
CMAG and CMS and any person performing any services for either or both of 
them hereunder shall not, during the term of this Agreement or at any time 
thereafter, disclose to any other person or use secret or confidential 
information of others that, to their knowledge, has been disclosed to ABI 
with restriction on the use or disclosure thereof, in violation of those 
restrictions;
    
(iii)
CMAG and CMS and any person performing any services for either or both of 
them hereunder shall not, during the term of this Agreement or at any time 
thereafter, disclose to ABI or induce ABI to use, without prior permission 
of the owner, any secret or confidential information or material of others 
of which they are or may become possessed; and
    
(iv)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, CMAG and CMS and any person performing 
services for either or both of them hereunder shall not be liable for the 
disclosure of information that may otherwise be deemed confidential 
hereunder:
 
 
(a)
if the information is in, or becomes part of, the public domain, other than 
by disclosure of the information by CMAG or CMS; or
      
 
(b)
if the information is furnished to a third party by ABI without restriction 
on the third partys right to disseminate the information; or
      
 
(c)
if CMAG or CMS can document that the information is already of record in 
their files at the time of disclosure, or is disclosed to them by a third 
party as a matter of right; or
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(d)
if the information is disclosed with ABIs written approval; or
      
 
(e)
if the information is compelled to be revealed via subpoena, civil 
investigative demand or other judicial or administrative process, provided 
that in such event CMAG or CMS shall provide the Company (unless prohibited 
from so doing) with as much advance notice as is practicable so that the 
Company may seek an appropriate protective order, and shall limit 
disclosure strictly to those items of information as to which disclosure is 
required.
      
     The provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the term of this
     Agreement.
 
8. Client Cooperation; Reliance on Clients Information: ABI acknowledges 
and agrees that the ability of CMAG and CMS to perform its services under 
this Agreement requires the full cooperation and assistance of ABI and its 
personnel. Accordingly, ABI covenants and agrees to furnish to CMAG and CMS 
all information, documents and other materials reasonably requested by CMAG 
and CMS and to make available to them for meetings, conference calls and 
otherwise, upon reasonable notice, all personnel designated by them to 
enable them to receive on a timely basis, in writing and verbally, all 
information reasonably requested by them related to its engagement under 
this Agreement. ABI acknowledges and agrees that CMAG and CMS, in 
performance of their duties under this Agreement, will be relying on the 
truth, completeness and accuracy of the written documentation delivered and 
the verbal communications made by ABI and its representatives to CMAG and 
CMS and their representatives in connection with all matters relating to 
their engagement under this Agreement.
 
9. Covered Parties: Within 30 days after the effective date of any 
termination or expiration, CMAG, CMS and the Company shall mutually 
determine, in good faith, and shall set forth in a written memorandum, a 
list of all parties who have had substantive discussions with the Company 
concerning the Transaction, Financing or Debt Restructuring, prior to the 
receipt of the notice of termination. Each listed party shall be considered 
a Covered Party and collectively shall be considered the Covered Party 
for purposes of Sections 3 and 4, provided that unless otherwise agreed, 
any person introduced to CMAG by ABI shall not be a Covered Party for 
purposes of this Agreement.
 
10. Conflicts of Interest: Nothing contained in this Agreement or 
otherwise, shall diminish or impair the right of CMAG or CMS to accept 
engagements, directly or indirectly, to ABIs lenders or other 
professionals provided such engagements do not involve the relationship of 
the lenders or other professionals to ABI. The confidentiality provisions 
of this agreement shall not be superceded or limited as a result of this 
paragraph 10 and no obligations of CMAG or CMS hereunder (or their 
personnel performing services hereunder) shall be limited as a result of 
this paragraph 10.
 
11. Limitation on CMAG and CMS Liability: To the extent permitted by 
applicable law, if CMAG or CMS fails to perform its obligations under or is 
otherwise in breach of or default under this Agreement, the maximum 
liability of either or both of them in respect thereof shall be limited to 
an amount equal to the aggregate of all fees and
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------


expenses paid to them pursuant to this Agreement. The foregoing shall not 
limit any liability resulting from gross negligence, willfull misconduct, 
violation of law or bad faith and shall not limit any duties or obligations 
that may exist by virtue of fulfilling an officer-related role for the 
Company (e.g., Chief Financial Officer).
 
12. Notices: All notices, requests, demands and other communications 
provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing addressed to the parties 
at the address for such party first set forth above, and shall be 
transmitted by either facsimile (fax), personal or overnight courier 
delivery or by certified mail. All notices, etc. shall be deemed given when 
received by the party to whom it is addressed.
 
13. Successors and Assigns: This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, 
and be binding upon, each of ABI and CMAG, CMS and their respective 
successors and assigns. Neither party may assign its rights and/or 
obligations under this Agreement without the written consent of the other 
party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and 
which shall not be withheld in connection with a sale or change of control 
transaction as to any deemed assignment that results therefrom.
 
14. Applicable Law: This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York as if the contract were 
performed wholly within the state.
 
15. Amendments: No amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any 
provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by any party 
therefrom shall be effective unless in writing signed by the parties 
hereto, and, in any event, shall be effective only in the specific instance 
and for the specific purpose for which given.
 
16. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies: No failure or delay on the part of 
either party in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any such right, power or remedy preclude the exercise of any other right, 
power or remedy. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not 
exclusive of any remedies provided by law.
 
17. Headings: Headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall 
not be used to interpret or construe its provisions.
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------


18. Counterparts: This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
19. Waiver of Jury Trial: Each of the parties to this Agreement hereby 
waives its right to a jury trial with respect to any claim, action, suit or 
proceeding made or brought by one of the parties against the others in 
connection with or arising under this Agreement.
 
20. Publication: Subject to the prior public disclosure of the completion 
of a Financing or Transaction, CMAG and CMS may, at their expense, place an 
announcement in such newspapers, periodicals, electronic publications and 
other print as they may choose stating that either or both of them have 
acted as a consultant for the Company in connection therewith.
 
21. Independent Contractor Relationship: CMAG and CMS shall serve as 
independent contractors to ABI pursuant to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement. This Agreement does not create and shall not be construed to 
create a relationship of principal and agent, joint venturer, co-partners, 
employer and employee, master and servant or any similar relationship 
between CMAG, CMS and ABI, and the parties hereto expressly deny the 
existence of any such relationship. The foregoing shall not limit any 
obligations or duties that CMAG or CMS may have, and that their personnel 
may have, as a result of fulfilling officer level position (e.g., Chief 
Financial Officer) for the Company.
 
22. Search Fees: Should CMAG introduce any individual to ABI, and ABI 
subsequently hires that individual, ABI shall pay CMAG an additional fee 
equal to 25% of the total first years compensation package of that 
individual. If ABI subsequently hires any CMAG or CMS personnel, members, 
officers, directors, employees and/or agents, ABI shall pay CMAG or CMS an 
additional fee equal to 100% of that individuals total prior years 
compensation package.
 
23. Entire Agreement. This Agreement incorporates the entire understanding 
of the parties, and amends and supersedes all prior agreements of the 
parties, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the 
date first written above.
 
 
ASCENDIA BRANDS, INC.
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Andrew Sheldrick
 
Andrew Sheldrick
 
General Counsel
                        As approved by the Restructuring Committee of
                        the Board of Directors of the Company
 
 
 
CARL MARKS ADVISORY GROUP LLC
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Mark L. Claster
 
Mark L. Claster
 
Partner
 
 
 
CARL MARKS SECURITIES LLC
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Mark L. Claster
 
Mark L. Claster
 
President and CCO
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------