 EX-10.1 2 l28799aexv10w1.htm EX-10.1


 

Exhibit 10.1

CONFIDENTIAL

November 13, 2007

Dayton Superior Corporation
7777 Washington Village Drive
Suite 130
Dayton, Ohio 45459
  	  	 
Attention:
  	Edward J. Puisis
 
  	Executive Vice President and CFO
 
  	 
Re:
  	Commitment Letter

Gentlemen:

General Electric Capital Corporation (GE Capital) is pleased to commit to 
provide Dayton Superior Corporation (you or Borrower), directly or 
through an affiliate, the entire principal amount of the Financing (as 
defined below) and to act as the sole administrative agent for the 
Financing, all upon and subject to the general terms and conditions set 
forth herein, in the Summary of Terms attached hereto as Exhibit A and 
incorporated herein by reference (the Term Sheet and together with this 
letter, the Commitment Letter) and in the Fee Letter (as defined below). 
GE Capital Markets, Inc. (GECM) is pleased to advise the Borrower of its 
agreement to act as the sole lead arranger and book-running manager for the 
Financing. Capitalized terms used in the text of this Commitment Letter 
without definition have the meanings assigned such terms in the Term Sheet.

You have advised GE Capital and GECM that you intend to (i) redeem and 
retire all of the Borrowers 103/4% Senior Second Secured Notes due 2008 
(the 08 Notes), and discharge the indenture under which the 08 Notes were 
issued (the 08 Notes Refinancing), and (ii) refinance certain other of 
Borrowers indebtedness, including, without limitation, indebtedness under 
the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2004, as amended (the 
Existing Credit Facility), among GE Capital, individually and as agent, 
the other lender named therein and you (the Existing Debt Refinancing 
and, together with the 08 Notes Refinancing, the Transaction).

You have further advised GE Capital that you intend to obtain (i) in 
connection with the Transaction, senior secured financing comprised of (a) 
a $150,000,000 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility (the Revolving 
Credit Facility) and (b) a $100,000,000 senior secured term loan (the 
Term Loan) to be used solely to redeem and retire the 08 Notes (and to pay 
fees, expenses, prepayment charges and accrued interest in connection 
therewith), with the remainder of the funding required for these purposes 
funded from loans under the Revolving Credit Facility, in each case, on the 
terms and conditions described in the Term Sheet (collectively, the 
Financing).

Syndication.

GE Capital intends and reserves the right, prior to and after the execution 
of definitive documentation for the Financing (the Financing Documentation
), to syndicate all or a portion of its commitments under this Commitment 
Letter or its loans and commitments under the Financing Documentation, as 
the case may be, to one or more financial institutions in consultation with 
you (other than those financial institutions identified by you on or prior 
to the commencement of the Primary Syndication, as defined below, to GECM 
in a written list that has been reasonably approved by GECM (Excluded 
Lenders)) pursuant to a syndication to be managed by GECM, in consultation 
with you (GE Capital and such

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

financial institutions becoming parties to such Financing Documentation 
being collectively referred to as the Lenders). The syndication of all or 
a portion of GE Capitals commitments and/or loans under the Financing on 
or prior to the Closing Date (as defined in the Term Sheet) is hereinafter 
referred to as the Primary Syndication.

GECM will commence the Primary Syndication promptly after your acceptance 
of this Commitment Letter and the Fee Letter (as defined below). It is 
understood and agreed that GECM will, in consultation with you, manage and 
control all aspects of the Primary Syndication, including selection of the 
potential other Lenders, determination of when GECM will approach potential 
other Lenders (other than Excluded Lenders) and the time of acceptance of 
the other Lenders commitments, any naming rights, titles or roles to be 
awarded to the other Lenders, the final allocations of the commitments 
among the other Lenders and the amount and distribution of fees among the 
other Lenders. It is further understood and agreed that (i) no additional 
agents, co-agents, co-arrangers or co-bookrunners shall be appointed, or 
other titles, names or roles conferred to any other Lender or any other 
person or entity, by you in respect of the Financing, (ii) the amount and 
distribution of fees among the other Lenders will be at GECMs discretion 
and (iii) no other Lender will be offered by, or receive from, you 
compensation of any kind for its participation in the Financing, except in 
each case as expressly provided for in this Commitment Letter or the Fee 
Letter or with the prior consent of GECM.

You agree to actively assist and to cooperate with GE Capital and GECM in 
connection with the Primary Syndication. Such assistance shall include (a) 
promptly preparing and providing to GE Capital and GECM all information 
with respect to the Borrower prepared by or on behalf of the Borrower and 
its subsidiaries relating to the Transaction and the other transactions 
contemplated hereby, including all financial information and projections 
(the Projections), as GE Capital and GECM may reasonably request in 
connection with the Primary Syndication, (b) participating in Lender and 
other relevant meetings (including meetings with rating agencies) in 
connection with the Primary Syndication, (c) providing direct contact 
during the Primary Syndication between the Borrowers senior management, 
representatives and advisors, on the one hand, and potential Lenders, on 
the other hand, (d) using your commercially reasonable efforts to ensure 
that GECMs syndication efforts benefit from Borrowers existing banking 
relationships, and (e) assisting GECM in the preparation of confidential 
information memoranda, presentations and other information materials 
regarding the Financing to be used in connection with the Primary 
Syndication and confirming, prior to such materials being made available to 
potential Lenders, the accuracy of such materials as set forth under 
Information below.

     Until the earliest of (i) the date on which a Successful Syndication 
(as defined in the Fee Letter) occurs, (ii) 60 days following the date of 
the initial funding under the Financing Documentation and (iii) in the 
event that no funding under the Financing has occurred as of such time, the 
expiration of this Commitment Letter, the Borrower shall not (and Borrower 
shall cause Borrowers subsidiaries not to), without the prior written 
consent of GECM, offer, issue, place, syndicate or arrange any debt or 
preferred equity securities or debt facilities (including any renewals, 
restatements, restructuring or refinancings of any existing debt or 
preferred equity securities or debt facilities), attempt or agree to do any 
of the foregoing, announce or authorize the announcement of any of the 
foregoing, or engage in discussion concerning any of the foregoing.

Information.

You hereby represent and covenant, to the best knowledge of your 
responsible officers, that (a) all information, taken as a whole, other 
than the Projections and general economic or specific industry information 
developed by, and obtained from, third-party sources (the Information) 
that has been or will be made available to GE Capital and GECM by you or 
any of your subsidiaries or representatives is or will be, when furnished, 
true and correct in all material respects and does not or will not, when

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

furnished, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state 
a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein 
not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such 
statements are made and (b) the Projections that have been or will be made 
available to us by the Borrower or any of the Borrowers subsidiaries or 
representatives have been or will be prepared in good faith based upon 
assumptions believed to be reasonable by your responsible officers (it 
being understood that the Projections are not forecasts and that the actual 
results may vary from the Projections and the variances may be material). 
You agree that if at any time prior to the initial funding of the Financing 
any of the representations in the preceding sentence would be materially 
incorrect if the Information or Projections were being furnished, and such 
representations were being made, at such time, then you will promptly 
supplement the Information or the Projections, as the case may be, so that 
such representations will be correct in all material respects under those 
circumstances. You understand that in arranging and syndicating the 
Financing we may use and rely on the Information and Projections without 
independent verification thereof.

You hereby authorize and agree on behalf of yourself and your subsidiaries, 
that the Information, the Projections and all other information provided by 
or on behalf of you and your subsidiaries to GE Capital and GECM regarding 
you and your subsidiaries, the Transaction and the other transactions 
contemplated hereby and delivered to GE Capital and GECM in connection with 
the Financing (collectively, Evaluation Material) may be disseminated by 
or on behalf of GE Capital and GECM, and made available, to potential other 
Lenders and other persons, who have agreed to be bound by customary 
confidentiality undertakings (including, click-through agreements), all 
in accordance with GECMs standard loan syndication practices (whether 
transmitted electronically by means of a website, e-mail or otherwise, or 
made available orally or in writing, including at potential Lender or other 
meetings). You hereby further authorize GECM to download copies of your 
logos from your website and post copies thereof on an Intralinks® or 
similar workspace and use such logos on any confidential information 
memoranda, presentations and other marketing and materials prepared in 
connection with the Primary Syndication.

At GECMs request, you agree to assist in the preparation of Evaluation 
Material, including a version of the information memorandum, lender 
presentation and other information materials, consisting exclusively of 
information that is either publicly available with respect to you and your 
subsidiaries and parent companies, or that is not material with respect to 
you, or your subsidiaries and you or your subsidiaries securities for 
purposes of United States federal and state securities laws. You further 
acknowledge and agree to instruct us from time to time as to whether the 
following documents and materials are to be distributed to both Public 
Lenders and Private Lenders or only to Private Lenders (each as defined 
below): term sheets with respect to the Financing and the Transaction, and 
administrative materials of a customary nature prepared by GE Capital and 
GECM for prospective Lenders, such as a lender meeting invitation, bank 
allocation, if any, and funding and closing memorandum. Before distribution 
of any information memoranda, you agree to execute and deliver to us a 
letter in which you authorize distribution of a version of such information 
memorandum to prospective Lenders and their employees (each, a Private 
Lender) willing to receive material non-public information with respect to 
the Borrower and your securities (collectively, MNPI), and a separate 
letter in which you authorize distribution of a version of such information 
memorandum to prospective Lenders (each, a Public Lender) that does not 
contain MNPI and represent that no MNPI is contained therein. You also 
hereby agree that unless specifically labeled Private  Contains 
Non-Public Information, no Evaluation Material disseminated to GE Capital, 
GECM and the potential other Lenders by the Borrower, its subsidiaries or 
representatives in connection with the Financing will contain any MNPI.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Fee Letter.

As consideration for GE Capitals and GECMs agreements hereunder you agree 
to pay, subject to the initial funding under the Revolving Credit Facility, 
GE Capital and such other specified parties, if any, the fees as set forth 
in the Term Sheet and in the Fee Letter dated the date hereof and delivered 
herewith with respect to the Financing (the Fee Letter). Once paid, such 
fees shall not be refundable under any circumstances.

Conditions.

The commitment and agreements of GE Capital hereunder, and the agreements 
of GECM to provide the services described herein, are subject to the 
following: (a) the execution and delivery of the Financing Documentation 
reasonably acceptable to GE Capital and its counsel on the terms summarized 
in the Term Sheet, (b) with respect to the initial funding under the 
Revolving Credit Facility, GE Capital not becoming aware after the date 
hereof of any information not previously disclosed to GE Capital affecting 
the Borrower and its current subsidiaries that in GE Capitals judgment is 
inconsistent in a material and adverse manner with information disclosed to 
GE Capital prior to the date hereof, (c) GECM having been afforded a period 
of time acceptable to GECM, following your written authorization for the 
release of the confidential information memorandum prepared as part of the 
Evaluation Material and immediately prior to the date of the initial 
funding under the Financing Documentation to complete the Primary 
Syndication, (d) your compliance in all material respects with the terms 
and provisions of this Commitment Letter and the Fee Letter and (e) the 
other conditions set forth in the Term Sheet (including, without 
limitation, in Schedule I thereto) and the Fee Letter.

Expenses.

     By signing this Commitment Letter you agree to pay, subject to the 
terms of the Fee Letter, upon demand to GE Capital and GECM all reasonable 
out-of-pocket expenses (including, but not limited to, all reasonable costs 
and fees of external legal counsel, auditors and other consultants and 
advisors, due diligence reports, escrow costs (if applicable), recording 
and transfer fees and taxes, title charges and survey costs) incurred in 
connection with this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letter, the Transaction, 
the Financing and the transactions contemplated hereby (and the 
negotiation, documentation, closing and syndication thereof).

Confidentiality.

GE Capital is delivering this Commitment Letter to you with the 
understanding that you will not disclose the contents of this Commitment 
Letter, the Fee Letter or GE Capitals or GECMs involvement or interest in 
providing and arranging the Financing to any third party (including, 
without limitation, any financial institution or intermediary) without GE 
Capitals prior written consent other than to (a) Odyssey Investment 
Partners LLC (the Sponsor) and those individuals who are your and the 
Sponsors respective directors, officers, employees, agents, auditors or 
advisors in connection with the Financing, and (b) as may be compelled in a 
judicial or administrative proceeding or as otherwise required by law (in 
which case you agree to inform GE Capital promptly thereof). You agree to 
inform all such persons who receive (a) information included in this 
Commitment Letter or the Fee Letter concerning GE Capital or GECM or (b) 
this Commitment Letter or the Fee Letter or the information contained 
therein that, in each case, such information is confidential and may not be 
used for any purpose other than in connection with

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

the Transaction and may not be disclosed to any other person. GE Capital 
reserves the right to review and approve, in advance, all materials, press 
releases, advertisements and disclosures that you prepare or that are 
prepared on your behalf that contain GE Capitals or any affiliates name 
or describe GE Capitals financing commitment or GECMs role and activities 
with respect to the Financing.

Indemnity.

Regardless of whether the Financing closes, you agree to (a) indemnify, 
defend and hold each of GE Capital, GECM, each Lender, and their respective 
affiliates and the principals, directors, officers, employees, 
representatives, agents and third party advisors of each of them (each, an 
Indemnified Person), harmless from and against all losses, claims, 
expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees), 
damages, and liabilities of any kind (including, without limitation, any 
environmental liabilities) which may be incurred by, or asserted against, 
any such Indemnified Person in connection with, arising out of, or relating 
to, this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letter, the Financing, the use or the 
proposed use of the proceeds thereof, the Transaction, any other 
transaction contemplated by this Commitment Letter, any other transaction 
related thereto and any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding 
relating to any of the foregoing (each, a Claim, and collectively, the 
Claims), regardless of whether such Indemnified Person is a party thereto, 
and (b) reimburse each Indemnified Person upon demand for all reasonable 
out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable legal 
expenses) incurred by it in connection with investigating, preparing to 
defend or defending, or providing evidence in or preparing to serve or 
serving as a witness with respect to, any lawsuit, investigation, claim or 
other proceeding relating to any of the foregoing (each, an Expense); 
provided that no Indemnified Person shall be entitled to indemnity 
hereunder in respect of any Claim or Expense to the extent that the same is 
found by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have 
resulted from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of such 
Indemnified Person. Under no circumstances shall GE Capital, GECM or any of 
their respective affiliates be liable for any punitive, exemplary, 
consequential or indirect damages that may be alleged to result in 
connection with, arising out of, or relating to, any Claims, this 
Commitment Letter, the Fee Letter, the Financing, the use or the proposed 
use of the proceeds thereof, the Transaction, any other transaction 
contemplated by this Commitment Letter and any other transaction related 
thereto. Furthermore, you hereby acknowledge and agree that the use of 
electronic transmission is not necessarily secure and that there are risks 
associated with such use, including risks of interception, disclosure and 
abuse. You agree to assume and accept such risks by hereby authorizing the 
transmission of electronic transmissions, and you agree that each of GE 
Capital, GECM or any of their respective affiliates will not have any 
liability for any damages arising from the use of such electronic 
transmission systems unless such damages are found by a final judgment of a 
court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, 
willful misconduct or bad faith of GE Capital, GECM or any of their 
respective affiliates.

Sharing Information; Absence of Fiduciary Relationship.

You acknowledge that GE Capital, GECM and their affiliates may be providing 
debt financing, equity capital or other services to other companies in 
respect of which you may have conflicting interests regarding the 
transactions described herein and otherwise. None of GE Capital, GECM or 
any of their respective affiliates will furnish confidential information 
obtained from you, the Sponsor and your and their respective officers, 
directors, employees, attorneys, accountants or other advisors by virtue of 
the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Letter or its other 
relationships with you to other companies. You also acknowledge that none 
of GE Capital, GECM or any of their respective affiliates has any 
obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this 
Commitment Letter, or furnish to you, the Sponsor, and your and their 
respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys, accountants or other 
advisors, confidential information obtained by GE Capital, GECM or any of 
their respective affiliates from other companies.

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

You further acknowledge and agree that (a) no fiduciary, advisory or agency 
relationship between you, GE Capital or GECM has been or will be created in 
respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Letter, 
irrespective of whether GE Capital, GECM and/or their respective affiliates 
have advised or are advising you on other matters and (b) you will not 
bring or otherwise assert any claim against GE Capital or GECM for breach 
of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary duty and agree that 
neither GE Capital nor GECM shall have any liability (whether direct or 
indirect) to you in respect of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person 
asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of you, including 
your stockholders, employees or creditors.

Assignments and Amendments.

This Commitment Letter shall not be assignable by you without the prior 
written consent of GE Capital (and any purported assignment without such 
consent shall be null and void), is intended to be solely for the benefit 
of the parties hereto and is not intended to confer any benefits upon, or 
create any rights in favor of, any person other than the parties hereto and 
the Indemnified Persons. GE Capital may transfer and assign its commitment 
hereunder, in whole or in part, on the terms and conditions set forth 
herein to any of its affiliates or to any other prospective Lender (other 
than Excluded Lenders) in connection with the Primary Syndication or 
otherwise; provided that GE Capital shall not be released from the portion 
of its commitment hereunder that has been so transferred and assigned until 
immediately following the initial funding under the Financing Documentation 
on the Closing Date.

This Commitment Letter may not be amended or waived except by an instrument 
in writing signed by you and GE Capital. GE Capital and GECM may perform 
the duties and activities described hereunder through any of their 
respective affiliates and the provisions of the paragraph entitled 
Indemnity shall apply with equal force and effect to any of such 
affiliates so performing any such duties or activities.

Counterparts and Governing Law.

This Commitment Letter may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed an original and all of which counterparts shall constitute one 
and the same document. Delivery of an executed signature page of this 
Commitment Letter by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission (in 
pdf format) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed 
counterpart hereof.

The laws of the State of New York shall govern all matters arising out of, 
in connection with or relating to this Commitment Letter, including, 
without limitation, its validity, interpretation, construction, performance 
and enforcement.

Venue and Submission to Jurisdiction.

You consent and agree that the state or federal courts located in New York 
County, State of New York, shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and 
determine any claims or disputes between or among any of the parties hereto 
pertaining to this Commitment Letter, any transaction relating hereto, any 
other financing related thereto, and any investigation, litigation, or 
proceeding in connection with, related to or arising out of any such 
matters, provided, that you acknowledge that any appeals from those courts 
may have to be heard by a court located outside of such jurisdiction. You 
expressly submit and consent in advance to such jurisdiction in any action 
or suit commenced in any such court, and hereby waive any objection, which 
either of them may have based upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper 
venue or inconvenient forum.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Waiver of Jury Trial.

THE PARTIES HERETO, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO 
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF, IN 
CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO, THIS COMMITMENT LETTER, THE FEE LETTER, THE 
FINANCING AND ANY OTHER TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. THIS WAIVER 
APPLIES TO ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, 
CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE.

Survival.

The provisions of this letter set forth under this heading and the headings 
Syndication, Information, Expenses, Confidentiality, Indemnity, 
Assignments and Amendments, Counterparts and Governing Law, Venue and 
Submission to Jurisdiction and Waiver of Jury Trial shall survive the 
termination or expiration of this Commitment Letter and shall remain in 
full force and effect regardless of whether the Financing closes or 
Financing Documentation shall be executed and delivered; provided that in 
the event the initial funding under the Revolving Credit Facility occurs or 
the Financing Documentation shall be executed and delivered, the provisions 
under the heading Syndication and Information shall survive only until 
the completion of a Successful Syndication and the remaining provisions 
shall be automatically terminated and superseded by the provisions of the 
Financing Documentation upon the initial funding thereunder.

Integration.

This Commitment Letter and the Fee Letter supersede any and all 
discussions, negotiations, understandings or agreements, written or oral, 
express or implied, between or among the parties hereto and any other 
person as to the subject matter hereof.

Patriot Act.

GE Capital hereby notifies you that pursuant to the requirements of the USA 
PATRIOT Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001) 
(the PATRIOT Act), each Lender may be required to obtain, verify and 
record information that identifies Borrower, which information includes the 
name, address, tax identification number and other information regarding 
Borrower that will allow such Lender to identify Borrower in accordance 
with the PATRIOT Act. This notice is given in accordance with the 
requirements of the PATRIOT Act and is effective as to each Lender.


[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Please indicate your acceptance of the terms hereof and of the Fee Letter 
by signing in the appropriate space below and in the Fee Letter and 
returning to GE Capital such signature pages to this Commitment Letter and 
the Fee Letter by 5:00 p.m., (New York time) on November 13, 2007. Unless 
extended in writing by GE Capital (which extension may be granted or 
withheld by GE Capital in its sole discretion), the commitments contained 
herein shall expire on the first to occur of (a) the date and time referred 
to in the previous sentence unless you shall have executed and delivered a 
copy of this Commitment Letter and the Fee Letter as provided above and (b) 
5:00 p.m. (New York time) on January 25, 2008 unless the initial funding 
under the Revolving Credit Facility is consummated on or before that date 
on the terms, and subject to the conditions, contained herein.
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Sincerely, 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
By:
  	/s/ Michelle Handy 	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Michelle Handy  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Duly Authorized Signatory  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
AGREED AND ACCEPTED 	  	 
THIS 13TH DAY OF NOVEMBER, 2007. 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
DAYTON SUPERIOR CORPORATION 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
By: 	  	/s/ Edward J. Puisis 	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	Edward J. Puisis 	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 	  	 


Exhibit A to Commitment Letter
$250,000,000 Senior Secured Credit Facility

Summary of Terms
November 9, 2007

     This is the Term Sheet described as Exhibit A in that certain letter 
dated November 9, 2007. Capitalized terms used herein without definition 
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the letter referenced above.
  	  	 
Borrower:
  	Dayton Superior Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Borrower), and 
together with its subsidiaries, collectively, the Group Members).

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
Guarantors:
  	Borrowers existing and subsequently acquired or formed direct and 
indirect domestic subsidiaries (each, a Guarantor and collectively, the 
Guarantors).
 
  	 
Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent:
  	General Electric Capital Corporation (GE Capital)
 
  	 
Sole Lead Arranger and Book Runner:
  	GE Capital Markets, Inc. (GECM)
 
  	 
Lenders:
  	A syndicate of financial institutions (including GE Capital 
individually) arranged by GECM in consultation with the Borrower other than 
Excluded Lenders.
 
  	 
Facilities:
  	$250,000,000 in senior secured credit facilities (the Facilities) 
consisting of the following:
 
  	 
 
  	Term Loan: A term loan of $100,000,000 (the Term Loan) will be 
advanced in one drawing on the Closing Date (as hereinafter defined) and 
will be repayable in scheduled installments of principal equal to 0.25% of 
the original principal amount thereof per calendar quarter (beginning with 
the first day of the first calendar quarter beginning after the date that 
such Term Loan is made) with the remaining outstanding principal balance 
being repayable in full on the date (the Maturity Date) that is the sixth 
anniversary of the Closing Date; provided, that the Maturity Date shall be 
March 14, 2009 if (and only if) the Borrowers 13% senior subordinated 
notes due June, 2009 (the 09 Notes) have not been redeemed and retired on 
such date (such date, the Earlier Maturity Date). Amounts repaid on the 
Term Loan may not be reborrowed.
 
  	 
 
  	Revolving Credit Facility: A revolving credit facility (the Revolving 
Credit Facility) of $150,000,000 under which borrowings may be made, 
subject to Availability (as defined below), from time to time during the 
period from the Closing Date until the Maturity Date.
 
  	 
  	  	
  A. Letters of Credit. Up to $30,000,000 of the Revolving Credit Facility,
  subject to Availability, will be available for the issuance of letters of
  credit (Letters of Credit) for the account of Borrower. No Letter of
  Credit will have a termination date that is later than (a) 30 days prior
  to the Maturity Date and (b) other than through the operation of
  evergreen provisions (which shall in no event extend beyond the 30 days
  prior to the Maturity Date), one year after the date of issuance. Until
  the 09 Notes are redeemed and retired in full as

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
 
  	
  contemplated in the definition of Maturity Date no Letter of Credit
  shall have a termination date beyond the date 30 days prior to the
  Earlier Maturity Date.
 
  	 
 
  	
  B. Swing Line Loans. Up to $10,000,000 of the Revolving Credit Facility,
  subject to Availability, will be available to Borrower for swing line
  loans from GE Capital.
 
  	 
Availability:
  	Borrowing availability (Availability) under the Revolving Credit 
Facility will be limited to the sum of (a) 85% of the eligible accounts 
receivable of Borrower and its domestic subsidiaries which are not more 
than 120 days past invoice date and 80% of the net amount of eligible 
accounts of Borrower and its domestic subsidiaries which are more than 120 
and not more than 150 days past invoice date plus (b) the lesser of 60% of 
the cost or 85% of the net orderly liquidation value of eligible inventory 
of the Borrower and its domestic subsidiaries, less (c) $15,000,000; in 
each case, less such reserves as the Agent may impose from time to time in 
its reasonable credit judgment, (the Borrowing Base), but not to exceed 
the lesser of the maximum amount of the revolving credit commitments or the 
amount allowed under the indenture governing the 09 Notes, as amended (the 
Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture).
 
  	 
 
  	Eligibility criteria substantially the same as that in the Existing 
Credit Facility will be set forth in the Financing Documentation. 
Administrative Agent will retain the right from time to time, in its 
Permitted Discretion (as defined below), to adjust advance rates and 
standards of eligibility and to establish reserves against availability.
 
  	 
 
  	Permitted Discretion means a determination made in good faith and in 
the exercise of reasonable (from the perspective of a secured asset-based 
lender) business judgment.
 
  	 
Use of Proceeds:
  	The proceeds of the loans and advances under the Facilities 
(collectively, the Loans) will be used (a) in the case of Loans under the 
Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan on the Closing Date solely to 
refinance indebtedness under the Existing Credit Facility and certain other 
indebtedness of the Borrower and to pay costs, fees, interest and expenses 
in connection therewith and to redeem and retire all of the 08 Notes and 
discharge the indenture, dated as of June 9, 2003 as amended (the Senior 
Notes Indenture), under which the 08 Notes were issued, and to pay 
interest, premiums, fees and expenses incurred in connection with such

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
 
  	redemption and retirement, and (b) in the case of the Loans under the 
Revolving Credit Facility made after the Closing Date, for working capital 
and general corporate and similar purposes.
 
  	 
Interest:
  	Interest will be payable on the unpaid principal amount of (a) Loans 
under the Revolving Credit Facility, at a rate per annum equal to, at the 
option of Borrower (i) the Base Rate (as defined below) plus the Applicable 
Margin (as defined below), payable in arrears on the first business day of 
each month or (ii) so long as no event of default exists on the first day 
of the interest period or on the date notice of election of such interest 
period is given, the Eurodollar Rate (as defined below) plus the Applicable 
Margin, payable at the end of the relevant interest period, but in any 
event, at least quarterly or (b) in the case of the Term Loan, at a rate 
per annum equal to, at the option of Borrower (i) the Base Rate (as defined 
below) plus the Applicable Margin (as defined below), payable in arrears on 
the first business day of each month or (ii) so long as no event of default 
exists on the first day of the interest period or on the date notice of 
election of such interest period is given, the Eurodollar Rate (as defined 
below) plus the Applicable Margin, payable at the end of the relevant 
interest period, but in any event, at least quarterly.
 
  	 
 
  	Base Rate means a floating rate of interest per annum equal to the 
higher of the rate publicly quoted from time to time by The Wall Street 
Journal as the base rate on corporate loans posted by at least 75% of the 
nations 30 largest banks and the federal funds rate plus 50 basis points. 
Eurodollar Rate means, for each interest period, the offered rate for 
deposits in U.S. dollars in the London interbank market for the relevant 
interest period which is published by the British Bankers Association, and 
currently appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page, as of 11:00 a.m. (London 
time) on the day which is 2 business days prior to the first day of such 
interest period adjusted for reserve requirements. When selecting the 
Eurodollar Rate option, Borrower will be entitled to choose 1, 2, 3, 6, or, 
subject to availability by all affected Lenders, 9 or 12 month interest 
periods.
 
  	 
 
  	All interest will be calculated based on a 360-day year (or, in the case 
of Base Rate loans calculated by reference to the prime rate, a 365/366-day 
year) and actual days elapsed. The Financing Documentation will set forth 
appropriate detail describing the exact method of calculation and relevant 
reserve requirements for the interest rates referred to above as well as 
Eurodollar Rate

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
 
  	breakage provisions, Eurodollar Rate borrowing mechanics and other 
Eurodollar Rate definitions.
 
  	 
 
  	The Applicable Margin (on a per annum basis) means:
 
  	 
 
  	(a) with respect to the Term Loan, (i) 2.75% per annum, in the case of 
Base Rate loans, and (ii) 3.75% per annum, in the case of Eurodollar Rate 
loans; and
 
  	 
 
  	(b) with respect to Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility, 1.25% per 
annum, in the case of Base Rate Loans, and 2.25% per annum, in the case of 
Eurodollar Rate Loans.
 
  	 
 
  	Adjustments in the Applicable Margins for the Revolving Credit Facility 
will be implemented quarterly, on a prospective basis, from and after the 
first day of the first calendar month that occurs more than one (1) day 
after the first delivery after the Closing Date of Borrowers quarterly 
financial statements (the Pricing Grid). Failure to timely deliver such 
financial statements shall, in addition to any other remedy provided for in 
the Financing Documentation, result in an increase of the Applicable 
Margins to the highest level of such pricing grid until such financial 
statements are delivered. Downward adjustments will only take effect (and 
only remain effective) in the absence of the continuation of certain 
material defaults (to be determined).
  	  	 
If Daily Average Availability for the Fiscal Quarter is:
  	Level of Applicable Margins:
less than $40,000,000
  	Level I
less than $65,000,000, but equal to or more than $40,000,000
  	Level II
more than $65,000,000
  	Level III
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	Applicable Margins
  	  	Level I 	  	Level II 	  	Level III
  Applicable Revolver Margin for Base Rate Loans
  	  	1.50 	% 	  	  	1.25 	% 	  	  	1.00 	%
  Applicable Revolver Margin for Eurodollar Loans
  	  	2.50 	% 	  	  	2.25 	% 	  	  	2.00 	%
  	  	 
Default Rate:
  	From and after the occurrence of a payment or bankruptcy event of 
default, or, at the election of the Administrative Agent or the Required 
Lenders, certain other material defaults (to be mutually agreed upon), all 
amounts under the Financing Documentation shall bear

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
 
  	interest at the applicable interest rate (including those obligations 
which are determined by reference to the rate applicable to any other 
obligation) plus 2% per annum and the Letter of Credit Fee (as defined 
below) shall be increased by 2% per annum.
 
  	 
Interest Rate Protection:
  	Borrower shall obtain, within a time period to be agreed following the 
Closing Date, interest rate protection agreements on terms and with 
counterparties reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in 
effect for 50% of the notional principal amount of the Term Loan for three 
(3) years following the Closing Date.
 
  	 
Fees:
  	In addition to the fees payable to GE Capital as specified in the Fee 
Letter, Borrower shall pay the following fees:
 
  	 
 
  	A fee of 0.375% per annum of the average daily balance of the unused 
portion of the Revolving Credit Facility will be payable quarterly in 
arrears (the Unused Line Fee).
 
  	 
 
  	A Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee) equal to the maximum 
undrawn face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit multiplied by an 
annual rate equal to the Applicable Margin for Loans under the Revolving 
Credit Facility bearing interest based on the Eurodollar Rate will be due 
and payable quarterly in arrears. Borrower shall also pay certain fees, 
documentary and processing charges to an issuer of Letters of Credit as 
separately agreed with such issuer or in accordance with such issuers 
standard schedule at the time of determination thereof.
 
  	 
 
  	All fees will be calculated based on a 360-day year and actual days 
elapsed.
 
  	 
Prepayments:
  	Borrower shall make the following mandatory prepayments with respect to 
the Term Loan (subject to certain basket amounts and exceptions to be 
mutually agreed in the Financing Documentation):
 
 
  	(a) Excess Cash Flow. Prepayments in an amount equal to 75% of Excess 
Cash Flow (to be defined in the Financing Documentation) beginning with the 
fiscal year ending 2009, with reductions to be agreed upon based upon 
achievement and maintenance of leverage ratios to be agreed.
 
  	 
 
  	(b) Debt Issuances. Prepayments in an amount equal to 50% of the net 
cash proceeds of issuances of debt obligations of Borrower and its 
subsidiaries (other than

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
 
  	debt permitted under the definitive credit documentation).
 
  	 
 
  	(c) Asset Sales. Prepayments in an amount equal to 100% of the net cash 
proceeds of the sale or other disposition of any property or assets (other 
than the sale of inventory (including, without limitation, items included 
in the rental fleet) in the ordinary course of business and certain other 
dispositions to be mutually agreed) of Borrower or its subsidiaries 
(including insurance and condemnation proceeds), subject, in the case of 
asset sales of property in which the Term Loan have a first priority 
security interest to customary 365-day reinvestment provisions.
 
  	 
 
  	Mandatory prepayments described in clauses (a) and (b) above will be 
applied to the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan (applied pro 
rata to remaining installments thereof).
 
  	 
 
  	In the case of asset sales of property in which the Facilities in 
respect of the Term Loan have a first priority security interest, mandatory 
prepayments described in clause (c) above shall be applied to the 
outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan (applied pro rata to 
remaining installments thereof).
 
  	 
 
  	In the case of asset sales of property in which the Revolving Credit 
Facility has a first priority security interest, mandatory prepayments of 
the Revolving Credit Facility will be required on the same terms as those 
applicable to Term Loan prepayments under clause (c) above and shall be 
applied to pay obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility (without a 
permanent reduction of the commitments thereunder) and to provide cash 
collateral equal to 105% of the undrawn amount of Letters of Credit and 
thereafter to the prepayment of the Term Loan (applied pro rata to 
remaining installments of principal thereof).
 
  	 
 
  	To the extent that the Loans and Letters of Credit outstanding under the 
Revolving Credit Facility exceed the Borrowing Base or the maximum amount 
allowed to be outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Borrower 
shall immediately repay the revolving Loans to eliminate such excess.
 
  	 
 
  	Voluntary prepayments of the Loans and terminations and reductions of 
the unfunded commitments under the Facilities will be permitted at any time 
in whole or in part without premium or penalty, but the Borrower will

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
 
  	be required to pay breakage costs in connection with any voluntary 
prepayments of Eurodollar Rate Loans made on a date other than the last day 
of an interest period. Voluntary prepayments shall be applied to the 
remaining installments of the Term Loan as directed by Borrower.
 
  	 
 
  	All voluntary and mandatory prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued 
interest on the amount prepaid to the date of prepayment.
 
  	 
Collateral:
  	All obligations of Borrower under the Revolving Credit Facility and of 
the Guarantors under the guarantees in respect thereof will be secured by 
(1) a first priority perfected security interests in (a) all accounts and 
other receivables for goods sold or leased or services rendered whether or 
not earned (Receivables); (b) all inventory (including, without 
limitation, the rental fleet) of any kind wherever located (Inventory); 
(c) all instruments, chattel paper and other contracts evidencing, or 
substituted for, any Receivable; (d) all guarantees, letters of credit, 
security and other credit enhancements for the Receivables; (e) all 
documents of title for any Inventory; (f) all claims and causes of action 
in any way relating to any of the Receivables or Inventory; (g) all bank 
accounts into which any proceeds of Receivables or Inventory are deposited 
(including all cash and other funds on deposit therein); (h) all books and 
records relating to any of the foregoing; (i) all substitutions, 
replacements, accessions, products or proceeds (including, without 
limitation, insurance proceeds) of any of the foregoing (collectively, the 
Revolving Credit Priority Collateral). GE Capital would have the right to 
utilize, at no cost or expense, any trade-names, trademarks, copyrights or 
other intellectual property to the extent necessary or appropriate and 
permitted by applicable law in order to sell, lease or otherwise dispose of 
any of the Revolving Credit Priority Collateral, and (2) a second priority 
security interest in all other existing and after-acquired real and 
personal property (other than leaseholds) of Borrower and each Guarantor, 
including, without limitation, 100% of the outstanding equity interests of 
domestic subsidiaries of the Borrower, and 66% of the outstanding equity 
interests of foreign subsidiaries directly owned by the Borrower or any 
domestic subsidiary of the Borrower.
 
  	 
 
  	All obligations of Borrower under the Facilities in respect of the Term 
Loan and under any interest rate protection or other hedging arrangements 
entered into with or supported by a Lender (or any affiliate of any Lender) 
and of the Guarantors under the guarantees in

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
 
  	respect thereof will be secured by (1) a second priority security 
interest in all Revolving Credit Priority Collateral, and (2) a first 
priority perfected security interests in substantially all other existing 
and after-acquired real and personal property (other than leaseholds) of 
Borrower and each Guarantor, including, without limitation, 100% of the 
outstanding equity interests of domestic subsidiaries of the Borrower, and 
66% of the outstanding equity interests of foreign subsidiaries directly 
owned by the Borrower or any domestic subsidiary of the Borrower.
 
  	 
 
  	The property securing the Revolving Credit Facility and the Facilities 
in respect of the Term Loan shall be hereafter referred to as the 
Collateral.
 
  	 
 
  	The Borrower and the Guarantors will not be required to (a) take any 
action to perfect a security interest in any asset where the Administrative 
Agent determines in its reasonable judgment that the cost of perfection is 
excessive in relation to the benefit thereof, or (b) make any fixture 
filings.
 
  	 
 
  	The Collateral will be free and clear of other liens, claims, and 
encumbrances, except permitted liens and encumbrances reasonably acceptable 
to Administrative Agent (to be set forth in the Financing Documentation).
 
  	 
 
  	Proceeds from the realization of the Revolving Credit Priority 
Collateral shall be applied first to all obligations (including principal, 
interest, fees, indemnities and expenses) in respect of the Revolving 
Credit Facility until paid in full, and to provide cash collateral in an 
amount equal to 105% of the undrawn amount of Letters of Credit, and then 
to obligations, if any, in respect of the Term Loan. Proceeds from the 
realization of the Collateral, other than the Revolving Credit Facility 
Priority Collateral, shall be applied first to all obligations (including 
principal, interest, fees, indemnities and expenses) in respect of the Term 
Loan until paid in full, and thereafter shall be applied to all obligations 
(including principal, interest, fees, indemnities and expenses) in respect 
of the Revolving Credit Facility until paid in full, and to provide cash 
collateral in an amount equal to 105% of the undrawn amount of Letters of 
Credit.
 
  	 
 
  	The respective priorities and rights with respect to the Revolving 
Credit Facility, on the one hand, and the Facilities in respect of the Term 
Loan, on the other hand, shall be set forth in an intercreditor agreement 
in form

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
 
  	and substance satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.
 
  	 
 
  	The Financing Documentation for the Revolving Credit Facility shall be 
separate and distinct from the Financing Documentation for the Facilities 
in respect of the Term Loan.
 
  	 
Conditions Precedent for Closing the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term 
Loan:
  	The availability of the initial Loan under the Revolving Credit Facility 
and the Term Loan will be conditioned only upon the satisfaction of the 
conditions set forth in Schedule I(A) hereto (the date upon which such 
conditions precedent to the initial funding under the Revolving Credit 
Facility and the Term Loan shall be satisfied, the Closing Date), and the 
conditions for each borrowing set forth immediately below.
 
  	 
Conditions Precedent to each Borrowing (including the Term Loan) under the 
Facilities:
  	All of the representations and warranties in the Financing Documentation 
shall be true and correct in all material respects; no default or event of 
default shall be continuing; and delivery of any relevant borrowing notices 
or letter of credit requests and any other documents or information 
required to be delivered pursuant to the terms of the Financing 
Documentation.
 
  	 
Representations and Warranties:
  	The Financing Documentation will contain representations and warranties 
applicable to the Group Members substantially similar to those in the 
Existing Credit Facility.
 
  	 
Affirmative Covenants:
  	The Financing Documentation shall contain such affirmative covenants 
applicable to the Group Members as are usual and customary for financings 
of this kind, and such other affirmative covenants reasonably deemed 
appropriate by Administrative Agent for the Transaction, including, without 
limitation, the following: preservation of corporate existence, compliance 
with laws (including environmental laws), payment of material taxes and 
other claims resulting in liens, maintenance of material properties, 
permits, insurance and books and records, and access to books and records 
and visitation rights, use of proceeds, further assurances (including 
provision of additional collateral and guaranties consistent with the 
paragraph above entitled Collateral); notices of defaults, material 
litigation and other material events to be mutually agreed; maintenance of 
cash management systems (other than with respect to zero balance payroll

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
 
  	accounts, trust accounts and the amounts deposited therein) on terms to 
be mutually agreed and completion of field examinations and inventory 
appraisals (which shall be completed semi-annually, or more frequently when 
monthly average Availability falls below $20,000,000 or while an event of 
default is continuing).
 
  	 
Financial Covenants:
  	While the Term Loan is outstanding, a maximum leverage ratio and a 
minimum interest coverage ratio will be tested quarterly in amounts to be 
determined with a minimum 25% cushion (the Covenant Cushion) as against 
the projected financial performance reflected in the business plan 
delivered by the Borrower to GECM in November 2007; provided that the first 
test date will be the first full fiscal quarter that ends after the Closing 
Date.
 
  	 
Reporting Requirements:
  	The Financing Documentation shall contain such financial and other 
reporting requirements applicable to the Group Members as are usual and 
customary for financings of this kind, and such other financial and 
reporting requirements reasonably deemed appropriate by Administrative 
Agent for the Transaction, including, without limitation, the following:
 
  	 
 
  	Delivery of monthly and quarterly financial statements and of annual 
audited financial statements; delivery of management letters; delivery of 
projections and an annual business plan; delivery of borrowing base 
certificates (which shall be delivered monthly, or more frequently 
following an event of default or when Availability falls below a threshold 
to be determined); and delivery of other collateral and other reports 
substantially as provided in the Existing Credit Facility.
 
  	 
Negative Covenants:
  	The Financing Documentation shall contain such negative covenants 
applicable to the Group Members as are usual and customary for financings 
of this kind, and such other negative covenants reasonably deemed 
appropriate by Administrative Agent for the Transaction (with exceptions 
and baskets to be mutually agreed upon), including, without limitation, the 
following:
 
  	 
 
  	Limitations on indebtedness (including guaranties and speculative 
hedging transactions), liens, investments (including loans), asset 
dispositions (including sale and leaseback transactions), restricted 
payments (consisting of dividends, redemptions and repurchases with respect 
to capital stock, cancellation of debt), prepayments of indebtedness 
(including redemptions and repurchases), fundamental corporate changes 
(including mergers,

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
 
  	consolidations, acquisitions, joint ventures or creation of 
subsidiaries), changes in nature of business, transactions with affiliates, 
third-party restrictions on indebtedness, liens, investments or restricted 
payments, and compliance with margin regulations, ERISA and environmental 
laws.
 
  	 
Events of Default:
  	The Financing Documentation shall contain such events of default 
applicable to the Group Members as are usual and customary for financings 
of this kind, and such other events of default reasonably deemed 
appropriate by Administrative Agent for the Transaction (with certain 
customary grace periods and materiality thresholds to be agreed upon), 
including, without limitation, the following:
 
 
  	Failure to pay principal when due; non-payment of interest and other 
amounts after a grace period to be mutually agreed; representations and 
warranties incorrect in any material respect or representations made in any 
borrowing base certificate are incorrect in any respect (subject, in the 
case of borrowing base certificates, to a threshold for inadvertent errors 
to be determined), in each case, when made or deemed made; failure to 
comply with covenants in the Financing Documentation; cross-default to 
other indebtedness; failure to satisfy or stay execution of judgments; 
bankruptcy or insolvency; actual invalidity or impairment of any part of 
the Financing Documentation (including the failure of any lien on the 
Collateral to remain perfected); and change of ownership or control.
 
  	 
Requisite Lenders:
  	To be determined. Certain matters to be determined shall be subject to 
class voting. The Borrower shall be entitled to replace any Lender that 
requests tax gross up payments, capital adequacy or similar yield 
protection payments or which fails to approve waivers or amendments that 
have been approved by the Requisite Lenders with a financial institution 
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent on customary terms.
 
  	 
Miscellaneous:
  	The Financing Documentation will include (a) standard yield protection 
provisions (including, without limitation, provisions relating to 
compliance with risk-based capital guidelines, increased costs, withholding 
taxes, illegality and Eurodollar Rate breakage fees), (b) a waiver of 
consequential and punitive damages and right to a jury trial, (c) customary 
agency, set-off and sharing language and (d) other provisions as are usual 
and customary for financings of this kind and those

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	 
 
  	reasonably deemed appropriate by Administrative Agent for the 
Transaction (including voting, indemnity and expense provisions consistent 
with the terms hereof).
 
  	 
Assignments and Participations:
  	Lenders will be permitted to make assignments in a minimum amount of 
$1.0 million, in the case of the Term Loan, and $5.0 million, in the case 
of the Revolving Credit Facility (unless, in each case, such assignment is 
of a Lenders entire interest in a Facility) to other financial 
institutions acceptable to Administrative Agent and, so long as no event of 
default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower, which acceptances shall 
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided however, that the 
approval of Borrower shall not be required in connection with assignments 
to other Lenders (or to affiliates or approved funds of Lenders). All 
assignments of a Lenders interest in a Facility will be made via an 
electronic settlement system designated by Administrative Agent. An 
assignment fee of $3,500 will be payable to the Administrative Agent by the 
assignor or assignee for each assignment.
 
  	 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction:
  	New York.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


SCHEDULE I
to
Summary of Terms

Conditions to Closing Date

     The availability of the initial Loan under the Revolving Credit 
Facility and the availability of the Term Loan, in addition to the 
conditions set forth in the Commitment Letter and Exhibit A thereto, shall 
be subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

     1. Capital Structure. Administrative Agent shall be reasonably 
satisfied with the corporate and capital structure of Borrower, the 
Guarantors and their respective subsidiaries, and all legal and tax aspects 
relating thereto, it being understood that the corporate and capital 
structure, and all legal and tax aspects relating thereto, as of the date 
hereof is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

     2. Absence of Litigation. There shall not exist any action, suit, 
investigation, litigation or proceeding pending or threatened in any court 
or before any arbitrator or governmental authority that has or would 
reasonably be expected to have, in the aggregate, a material adverse effect 
on the Borrower, the Refinancing, the Facilities or the enforceability of 
the Financing Documentation, it being understood that all actions, suits, 
investigations, litigations and proceedings disclosed to the Administrative 
Agent as of the date hereof are not currently reasonably expected to have 
such a material adverse effect.

     3. Receipt of Historical Financial Statements. Administrative Agent 
shall have received interim unaudited monthly and quarterly financial 
statements of Borrower and its subsidiaries through the fiscal month or 
quarter, as applicable, ending September 30, 2007 and each subsequent 
fiscal month and quarter occurring no later than 30 days (or 45 days in the 
case of monthly and quarterly financing statements for the fiscal month and 
quarter, respectively, ending December 31, 2007) prior to the Closing Date 
and for which financial statements are available.

     4. Receipt of Pro Forma Financial Statements and Business Plan. 
Administrative Agent shall have received (a) a pro forma estimated balance 
sheet of Borrower and its subsidiaries at the last day of the fiscal month 
for which financial statements are available prior to the Closing Date (so 
long as such date is not more than 60 days prior to the Closing Date) after 
giving effect to the 08 Notes Refinancing, the Existing Debt Refinancing 
and the funding of the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan, and (b) 
Borrowers business plan which shall include a financial forecast on a 
monthly basis for the first twelve months after the Closing Date (such 
financial forecast for the first twelve months to include projected 
Availability and on an annual basis thereafter through 2012 prepared by 
Borrowers management; in each case, with such updates as the 
Administrative Agent shall reasonably request.

     5. Retirement of 08 Notes. Substantially concurrently with the advance 
of the Term Loan, the Borrower shall redeem and retire all of the 08 Notes 
and shall discharge the Senior Notes Indenture pursuant to the terms 
thereof.

     6. Solvency Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received 
a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Borrower, that Borrower and 
each of the Guarantors, taken as a whole, after incurring the indebtedness 
contemplated by the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan, will be 
Solvent (as defined in the Existing Credit Facility).

     7. Cash Management. With respect to the initial funding under the 
Revolving Credit Facility, Borrower and each Guarantor shall maintain a 
cash management system (including blocked account and lock-box agreements) 
consistent with that required by the Existing Credit Facility.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     8. No Material Adverse Effect. Since September 30, 2007, there have 
been no events, circumstances, or developments relating to the business of 
the Borrower and its subsidiaries that has had or would, in the aggregate, 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Adverse 
Effect means an effect that results in or causes, or would reasonably be 
expected to result in or cause, a material adverse effect on (a) the 
condition (financial or otherwise), business, operations or property of 
Borrower and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole and (b) the validity or 
enforceability of any Financing Documentation or the rights and remedies of 
the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the other secured parties under 
any Financing Documentation.

     9. Revolving Credit Facility. On the Closing Date, after giving effect 
to the initial Loan made and Letters of Credit issued under the Revolving 
Credit Facility, Borrower shall have at least $20,000,000 of unused 
Availability.

     10. 09 Notes. The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence 
reasonably satisfactory to it that all indebtedness of Borrower under the 
Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan constitutes and will constitute 
Permitted Indebtedness, Designated Senior Debt and Senior Debt under 
(and as such terms are defined in) the Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture 
and all liens securing the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan 
constitute Permitted Liens (under and as such term is defined in the 
Senior Subordinated Notes Indenture), including, if applicable, certified 
copies of any supplemental indentures needed to permit such indebtedness or 
liens.

     11. Minimum Adjusted EBITDA. The Adjusted EBITDA of Borrower for the 
most recent period of twelve months prior to the Closing Date for which 
financial statements are required to have been delivered under the Existing 
Credit Facility shall not be less than $65,000,000.

     12. Other Customary Documentary Conditions. Receipt by the 
Administrative Agent of reasonably satisfactory legal opinions of counsel 
to the Group Members, evidence of substantially concurrent payment of the 
Existing Credit Facility and release of existing liens in respect thereof, 
documentation relating to the creation and perfection of liens on the 
Collateral as provided for in each paragraph entitled Collateral above 
(with exceptions to be mutually agreed), receipt of lien search reports, 
receipt of mortgage supporting documents for all properties subject to a 
mortgage (including, without limitation, title insurance policies, current 
certified surveys, evidence of zoning and other legal compliance, 
environmental reports, certificates of occupancy, legal opinions, except in 
each case to the extent otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent), 
all required material governmental approval and third party consents shall 
have been obtained, evidence of corporate authority, copy of organizational 
documents, receipt of additional insured and loss payee insurance 
certificates reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and 
payment of all fees and expenses required to be paid pursuant to the 
Commitment Letter and the Fee Letter.

 