 EX-10.2 3 dex102.htm TERMINATION OF THE FINOVA GROUP SEVERANCE TRUST 
AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.2


TERMINATION OF THE FINOVA GROUP SEVERANCE TRUST AGREEMENT


WHEREAS, Finova Group, Inc. (the Grantor) established the FINOVA 
Severance Trust Agreement (the Trust) effective November 1, 2003; and


WHEREAS, pursuant to Exhibit D of the Trust, the undersigned is an 
authorized signatory on behalf of the Grantor; and


WHEREAS, the terms of the Trust provide that upon satisfaction of all 
Severance Obligations, the Grantor shall be entitled to receive all Trust 
Assets remaining in the Trust, upon presentation to the Trustee of an 
Affidavit of the Plan Administrator stating that all Beneficiaries claims 
to Severance Obligations have been satisfied or eliminated; and


WHEREAS, the Grantor has determined to cause any remaining Severance 
Obligations to be satisfied by causing any remaining beneficiaries who 
remain employed by Grantor to receive payment of any Severance Obligations 
in advance of such beneficiaries future termination date, provided that 
such amounts shall be paid following January 1, 2008; and


WHEREAS, the Company has been advised by counsel that the above described 
actions will be permissible under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the Code), provided the Company causes any Severance 
Obligations to be following January 1, 2008; and


NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Grantor shall cause all remaining 
employees eligible to receive any Severance Obligations as soon as 
practicable following January 1, 2008; and


RESOLVED, that the Grantor shall take all actions necessary to cause the 
Trust to be terminated on the earliest date following payment of all 
Beneficiaries thereunder;


RESOLVED, that the Plan Administrator and such other proper personnel, as 
appropriate, be, and hereby are, authorized to cause to be executed as may 
be required under the Trust such certificates, powers of attorney, 
affidavits, agreements, assignments, documents, releases, and instruments 
as are required in connection with the termination of the Trust and the 
receipt by the Grantor of any reversionary interest in accordance with 
Section 10 of the Trust.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this written consent as of 
this 12th day of November, 2007.
 
THE FINOVA GROUP, INC.
By: 	  	/s/ Thomas E. Mara
Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
 
2