 EX-10.2 5 m0839exhibit102.htm VEHICLE TRUST SUPPLEMENT
EXECUTION COPY









BMW MANUFACTURING L.P.,
as Grantor and UTI Beneficiary,


and


THE BANK OF NEW YORK (DELAWARE),
as Vehicle Trustee




 


2007-1
VEHICLE TRUST
SUPPLEMENT

Dated as of November 2, 2007


 










------------------------------------------------------------------------


TABLE OF CONTENTS

              Page


              ARTICLE I -
              DEFINITIONS
              2

              1.1
              Definitions
              2

              1.2
              Interpretive Provisions
              5

              ARTICLE II -
              CREATION OF THE 2007-1 SUBI
              6

              2.1
              Creation of 2007-1 SUBI Assets and the 2007-1 SUBI.
              6

              2.2
              Transfer of 2007-1 SUBI Interests
              7

              2.3
              Issuance and Form of 2007-1 SUBI Certificate.
              7

              2.4
              Actions and Filings
              8

              2.5
              Termination of the 2007-1 SUBI.
              8

              2.6
              Representations and Warranties of Vehicle Trustee
              9

              2.7
              Duties and Powers of Vehicle Trustee
              10

              ARTICLE III -
              2007-1 SUBI ACCOUNTS
              10

              3.1
              2007-1 SUBI Collection Account.
              10

              3.2
              Reserve Fund
              10

              3.3
              Investment of Monies in 2007-1 SUBI Accounts
              10

              ARTICLE IV -
              2007-1 SUBI PLEDGE
              11

              4.1
              Registration of 2007-1 SUBI Pledge.
              11

              ARTICLE V -
              MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
              11

              5.1
              Amendment.
              11

              5.2
              Governing Law
              12

              5.3
              Notices
              12

              5.4
              Severability of Provisions
              12

              5.5
              Effect of Supplement on Vehicle Trust Agreement.
              13

              5.6
              No Petition
              13

              5.7
              Prohibited Directions
              14

              5.8
              Trust Termination
              14




------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A - Schedule of 2007-1 Vehicles
A-1
Exhibit B - Form of 2007-1 SUBI Certificate
B-1




------------------------------------------------------------------------


This 2007-1 Vehicle Trust Supplement, dated as of November 2, 2007, is 
between BMW Manufacturing L.P., an Indiana limited partnership, as grantor 
and initial beneficiary (in such capacities, the Grantor and the UTI 
Beneficiary, respectively) and The Bank of New York (Delaware), a Delaware 
banking association, as trustee (in such capacity, the Vehicle Trustee).


RECITALS


WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain amended and restated trust agreement, 
dated as of September 27, 1996, as further amended as of May 25, 2000 and 
December 1, 2006 (the Vehicle Trust Agreement), among the parties hereto, 
Financial Services Vehicle Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (the Trust), 
will take assignments and conveyances of and hold in trust various Trust 
Assets (as such term is defined in the Vehicle Trust Agreement);


WHEREAS, the UTI Beneficiary, BMW Financial Services NA, LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company (BMW FS), as servicer (in such capacity, the 
Servicer), and the Trust have entered into that certain servicing 
agreement, dated as of August 30, 1995 (the Basic Servicing Agreement), 
which provides for, among other things, the servicing of the Trust Assets 
by the Servicer;


WHEREAS, pursuant to the Vehicle Trust Agreement, from time to time the 
Vehicle Trustee, on behalf of the Trust and at the direction of the UTI 
Beneficiary, will cause the Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Supplement 
to identify, allocate and segregate on the books and records of the Trust 
certain Trust Assets and create and issue one or more special units of 
beneficial interest (each, a SUBI), the beneficiaries of which generally 
will be entitled to the net cash flows arising from such Trust Assets;


WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to supplement the Vehicle Trust 
Agreement (as so supplemented by this Supplement, the SUBI Trust 
Agreement) to create one SUBI (the 2007-1 SUBI);


WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to identify and allocate to the 2007-1 
SUBI a separate portfolio of Trust Assets consisting of leases (the 2007-1 
Leases), the vehicles which are leased under the 2007-1 Leases (the 
2007-1 Vehicles) and certain other related assets; and


WHEREAS, the parties hereto also desire to issue one certificate evidencing 
a beneficial interest in the 2007-1 SUBI (the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate).


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, 
and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of 
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:




------------------------------------------------------------------------

ARTICLE I - DEFINITIONS


1.1
Definitions.  Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined 
shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Vehicle Trust Agreement.  
Whenever used herein, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
words and phrases shall have the following meanings:


2007-1 Leases has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).


2007-1 SUBI has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


2007-1 SUBI Account means the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account and any 
other trust account established with respect to the 2007-1 SUBI.


2007-1 SUBI Assets has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).


2007-1 SUBI Certificate has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


2007-1 SUBI Collection Account means the trust account established 
pursuant to Section 3.1(a).


2007-1 Vehicles has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).


ALG Residual Value means the residual value of the vehicle set forth as 
the ALG Residual Value in the Lease schedule attached as Exhibit A hereto.


Bank means The Bank of New York (Delaware).


Basic Documents means the Vehicle Trust Agreement, the Basic Servicing 
Agreement, this Supplement, the Servicing Supplement, the SUBI Certificate 
Transfer Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Indenture, the Issuer SUBI 
Certificate Transfer Agreement, the Control Agreement, the Back-up Security 
Agreement, the Issuer Administration Agreement, the Underwriting Agreement, 
the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate and the 
Securities, as the same may be amended, supplemented or modified from time 
to time (but in each case only to the extent that any such amendment, 
supplement or modification relates to the 2007-1 SUBI or the 2007-1 SUBI 
Assets).


Basic Servicing Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


Certificate Distribution Account has the meaning set forth in the Trust 
Agreement.


Closing Date means November 2, 2007.


Contract Residual Value means the residual value of a 2007-1 Vehicle set 
forth in the related 2007-1 Lease.


Control Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Issuer SUBI 
Certificate Transfer Agreement.


Cutoff Date means the close of business on August 31, 2007.


Deposit Date means, with respect to a Collection Period, the Business Day 
preceding the related Payment Date.


Eligible Lease means a Lease that has been validly assigned to the Trust 
by a BMW Center as of the Closing Date and for which the related 2007-1 
Vehicle is one which the Trust or the Vehicle Trustee on behalf of the 
Trust shall have good and marketable title as of the Closing Date.


Holder means the holder from time to time of a SUBI Certificate.


Indenture means that certain indenture, dated as of November 2, 2007, 
between the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time.


Indenture Trustee means Citibank, N.A., a national banking association 
banking corporation, in its capacity as trustee under the Indenture.


Issuer means the BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1, a Delaware statutory 
trust.


Issuer SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement means that certain issuer SUBI 
certificate transfer agreement, dated as of November 2, 2007, between the 
Transferor and the Issuer, as amended or supplemented from time to time.


Maturity Date has the meaning set forth in the Servicing Supplement.


Moodys means Moodys Investor Service, Inc., and any successor thereto.


Note has the meaning set forth in the Indenture.


Note Distribution Account has the meaning set forth in the Indenture.


Other SUBI means any SUBI other than the 2007-1 SUBI.


Outstanding Amount has the meaning set forth in the Indenture.


Owner Trustee means Wilmington Trust Company, a Delaware banking 
corporation, as trustee of the Issuer, or any successor thereto in such 
capacity.


Payment Date means the 15th day of each month or if not a Business Day, 
the next succeeding Business Day, commencing with the first Payment Date on 
November 15, 2007.


Payment Date Certificate has the meaning set forth in the Indenture.


Payment Date Advance Reimbursement has the meaning set forth in the 
Servicing Supplement.


Rating Agency means, with respect to the 2007-1 SUBI, each of Moodys and 
S&P.


Registered Pledgee means, with respect to the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate, 
the Person listed in the registration books maintained by the Vehicle 
Trustee as the registered pledgee of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate.


Required Deposit Rating means either (a) the short-term unsecured debt 
obligations of the Indenture Trustee are rated in the highest short-term 
rating category by each Rating Agency, (b) the Indenture Trustee is a 
depository institution or trust company having a long-term unsecured debt 
rating acceptable to each Rating Agency and corporate trust powers or (c) 
the related trust account is maintained in the corporate trust department 
of the Indenture Trustee.


Related Beneficiary means BMW Auto Leasing LLC, and any successor 
thereto.


Reserve Fund has the meaning set forth in the Trust Agreement.


Reserve Fund Requirement means (i) 0.25% of the initial Note Balance, or 
(ii) on any Payment Date occurring on or after the earlier to occur of the 
date on which the last remaining 2007-1 Lease terminates, zero.


S&P means Standard and Poors Ratings Services, a division of the 
McGraw-Hill Co., and any successor thereto.


Sales Proceeds has the meaning set forth in the Servicing Supplement.


Securities means the Notes and the Trust Certificates.


Securitization Value has the meaning set forth in the Servicing 
Supplement.


Securityholder means a registered holder of a Note or a Trust 
Certificate.


Servicing Agreement means the Basic Servicing Agreement as supplemented 
by the Servicing Supplement, as amended or supplemented from time to time.


Servicing Fee has the meaning set forth in the Servicing Supplement.


Servicing Supplement means that certain 2007-1 servicing supplement to 
the Basic Servicing Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2007, among the 
parties to the Basic Servicing Agreement.


SUBI has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement means that certain SUBI certificate 
transfer agreement, dated as of November 2, 2007, between BMW Manufacturing 
L.P. and the Transferor, as amended or supplemented from time to time.


SUBI Collections has the meaning set forth in the Servicing Agreement.


SUBI Collection Account means a trust account established by the Servicer 
on behalf of the Vehicle Trustee for the benefit of the holders of 
interests in the SUBI, into which collections on or in respect of the 
2007-1 Leases and the related 2007-1 Vehicles will generally be deposited.


SUBI Trust Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


Supplement means this 2007-1 vehicle trust supplement to the Vehicle 
Trust Agreement, as amended or supplemented from time to time.


Transferor means BMW Auto Leasing LLC, a Delaware limited partnership, 
and its successors.


Trust has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


Trust Agent means Citibank, N.A., and any successor thereto.


Trust Agreement means that certain trust agreement, as amended and 
restated as of November 2, 2007, between the Owner Trustee and the 
Transferor.


Trust Certificate has the meaning set forth in the Trust Agreement.


Trust Certificateholder has the meaning set forth in the Trust Agreement.


Trust Estate has the meaning set forth in the Indenture.


Underwriting Agreement means that certain agreement dated as of October 
24, 2007, among the Transferor, BMW FS and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., as 
representative of the several underwriters named therein.


UTI Beneficiary has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


Vehicle Trust Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


Vehicle Trustee has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


1.2
Interpretive Provisions.  For all purposes of this Supplement, except as 
otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires, (i) 
terms used herein include, as appropriate, all genders and the plural as 
well as the singular, (ii) references to this Supplement include all 
Exhibits hereto, (iii) references to words such as herein, hereof and 
the like shall refer to this Supplement as a whole and not to any 
particular part, Article or Section herein, (iv) references to an Article 
or Section such as Article Two or Section 2.1 shall refer to the 
applicable Article or Section of this Supplement, (v) the term include 
and all variations thereof shall mean include without limitation, and 
(vi) the term proceeds shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
the UCC.


ARTICLE II - CREATION OF THE 2007-1 SUBI


2.1
Creation of 2007-1 SUBI Assets and the 2007-1 SUBI.


(a)
Pursuant to Section 5.2(a) of the Vehicle Trust Agreement, the UTI 
Beneficiary hereby directs the Vehicle Trustee to cause the Servicer 
pursuant to the Servicing Supplement to identify, allocate and segregate or 
to cause to be identified, allocated and segregated to the 2007-1 SUBI on 
the books and records of the Trust a separate portfolio of Trust Assets 
consisting of Eligible Leases meeting the requirements set forth in Section 
2.15 of the Servicing Supplement, the related Vehicles and other associated 
Trust Assets owned by the Trust and not allocated to any SUBI or reserved 
for allocation to any Other SUBI (or acquired by the Trust but not yet 
allocated to, or reserved for allocation to any specific portfolio).  Such 
Trust Assets (the 2007-1 SUBI Assets) shall be accounted for and held in 
trust independently from all other Trust Assets within the Trust.  Based 
upon their identification and allocation by the Servicer pursuant to the 
Servicing Supplement, the Vehicle Trustee hereby identifies and allocates 
as 2007-1 SUBI Assets the Leases more particularly described on Exhibit A 
hereto (the 2007-1 Leases), the Vehicles more particularly described on 
Exhibit A hereto (the 2007-1 Vehicles) and the related Trust Assets 
described above, each such 2007-1 SUBI Assets to be identified on the books 
and accounts of the Trust as being allocated to the 2007-1 SUBI.  


(b)
[Reserved].  


(c)
Pursuant to Section 5.2(a) of the Vehicle Trust Agreement, the Vehicle 
Trustee hereby creates one separate portfolio of SUBI Assets which shall be 
known as the 2007-1 SUBI.  The 2007-1 SUBI shall represent a special unit 
of beneficial interest solely in the 2007-1 SUBI Assets.  Exhibit A shall 
set forth as to each 2007-1 Lease or 2007-1 Vehicle, as the case may be, 
the (i) vehicle identification number, (ii) date of origination, (iii) ALG 
Residual Value, (iv) Contract Residual Value, (v) the Securitization Value 
as of the Cutoff Date, (vi) Monthly Payment and (viii) number of months 
remaining from the Cutoff Date to the month in which the Maturity Date 
occurs.


(d)
The Vehicle Trustee accepts the appointment pursuant to Section 7.6(d) of 
the Vehicle Trust Agreement and Section 3806(b)(2) of the Business Trust 
Statute and agrees to act as a trustee (the Series Vehicle Trustee) of 
the 2007-1 SUBI Assets for the benefit of the UTI Beneficiary and the 
Issuer under the trust created by this Supplement as a separate beneficial 
owner of the 2007-1 SUBI, subject to the terms and conditions of the 
Vehicle Trust Agreement and this Supplement.  The Vehicle Trustee shall be 
treated and shall have the same rights and obligations in respect of the 
2007-1 SUBI Assets as does the Vehicle Trustee under the Vehicle Trust 
Agreement in respect of the Trust Assets.  In furtherance thereof, the 
provisions of Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5, 6.6, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 and 7.8 
of the Vehicle Trust Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by reference 
thereto; provided, however, that all references to the Beneficiary shall be 
deemed to reference the UTI Beneficiary, all references to Trust Assets 
shall be deemed to reference the 2007-1 SUBI Assets and all references to 
the Vehicle Trust shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be deemed to refer to 
the Vehicle Trust with respect to the 2007-1 SUBI; and provided, further, 
that such provisions of the Vehicle Trust Agreement shall be construed by 
the parties hereto in a manner that gives effect to the intent thereof 
within the context of the related applicable provisions hereof.  


(e)
The Trust is hereby authorized to enter into and perform its obligations 
under the Basic Documents to which it is a party and the Vehicle Trustee is 
hereby authorized to execute and deliver such Basic Documents on behalf of 
the Trust.


(f)
The foregoing complies with Section 5.2 of the Vehicle Trust Agreement.


2.2
Transfer of 2007-1 SUBI Interests.  Interests in the 2007-1 SUBI may not be 
transferred or assigned by the UTI Beneficiary, and any such purported 
transfer or assignment shall be deemed null, void and of no effect; 
provided, however, that the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate and the interests in 
the 2007-1 SUBI represented thereby may be (i) sold to the Transferor 
pursuant to the SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement, (ii) sold, transferred 
and assigned by the Transferor absolutely, or a security interest therein 
granted, to the Issuer and (iii) pledged by the Issuer to the Indenture 
Trustee.  Each such transfer shall be registrable upon surrender of the 
2007-1 SUBI Certificate to be transferred for registration of the transfer 
at the corporate trust office of the Vehicle Trustee (or the Trust Agent, 
if applicable) or of any successor Vehicle Trustee, accompanied by a 
written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Vehicle Trustee 
(or the Trust Agent, if applicable) or such successor duly executed by the 
Holder thereof or such Holders attorney duly authorized in writing, and 
thereupon a new 2007-1 SUBI Certificate of a like aggregate fractional 
undivided interest will be issued to the designated permitted transferee.


2.3
Issuance and Form of 2007-1 SUBI Certificate.


The 2007-1 SUBI shall be represented by the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate which 
shall represent a beneficial interest in the 2007-1 SUBI and the 2007-1 
SUBI Assets, as further set forth herein.  The 2007-1 SUBI Certificate 
shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto, with such 
appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as 
are required by this Supplement and may have such letters, numbers or other 
marks of identification and such legends and endorsements placed thereon as 
may, consistently herewith and with the Vehicle Trust Agreement, be 
directed by the UTI Beneficiary.  Any portion of the 2007-1 SUBI 
Certificate may be set forth on the reverse thereof, in which case the 
following reference to the portion of the text on the reverse shall be 
inserted on the face thereof, in relative proximity to and prior to the 
signature of the Vehicle Trustee executing such 2007-1 SUBI Certificate:


            Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this
            certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which provisions
            shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at
            this place.


The 2007-1 SUBI Certificate shall be printed, typewritten, photocopied or 
may be produced in any other manner as may, consistently herewith and with 
the Vehicle Trust Agreement, be determined by the UTI Beneficiary.  The 
2007-1 SUBI Certificate and the interest in the 2007-1 SUBI evidenced 
thereby shall constitute a security within the meaning of Section 
8-102(a)(15) of the UCC and a certificated security within the meaning of 
Section 8-102(a)(4) of the UCC.


On the Closing Date, pursuant to Section 4.1 hereof , the Indenture Trustee 
shall, and thereafter for so long as the lien of the Indenture is in place, 
be registered as the Registered Pledgee of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate held 
by the Issuer and pledged as part of the Trust Estate to secure the 
Issuers obligations under the Indenture.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any and all rights or powers of a 
Holder hereunder, in the absence of an Event of Default (as defined in the 
Indenture) under the Indenture.


As required by Section 5.2(b) of the Vehicle Trust Agreement, the 2007-1 
SUBI Certificate shall contain an express written waiver of any claim by 
any Holder to any proceeds or assets of the Vehicle Trustee and to all of 
the Trust Assets other than those from time to time included within the 
2007-1 SUBI Portfolio as 2007-1 SUBI Assets and those proceeds or assets 
derived from or earned by such 2007-1 SUBI Assets.


2.4
Actions and Filings.  The UTI Beneficiary and the Vehicle Trustee at the 
written direction and expense of the Servicer, shall undertake all future 
actions and activities as may be deemed reasonably necessary by the 
Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement to perfect (or evidence) and 
confirm the initial creation of and allocation of Trust Assets to the 
2007-1 SUBI, including without limitation preparing UCC financing 
statements to be filed by the Servicer and executing and delivering all 
related filings, documents or writings as may be deemed reasonably 
necessary by the Servicer hereunder or under any other Basic Document.  The 
UTI Beneficiary hereby irrevocably makes and appoints each of the Vehicle 
Trustee and the Servicer, and any of their respective officers, employees 
or agents, as the true and lawful attorney-in-fact of the UTI Beneficiary 
(which appointment is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable) with 
power to sign on behalf of the UTI Beneficiary any financing statements, 
continuation statements, security agreements, mortgages, assignments, 
affidavits, letters of authority, notices or similar documents necessary or 
appropriate to be executed or filed pursuant to this Section.


2.5
Termination of the 2007-1 SUBI.


(a)
In connection with any purchase by the Servicer of the corpus of the Issuer 
pursuant to Section 2.19 of the Servicing Agreement, the succession of the 
Servicer to the interest in the 2007-1 SUBI represented by the 2007-1 SUBI 
Certificate, should all of the interest in the 2007-1 SUBI thereafter be 
held by the Holder or Holders of the UTI Certificates, whether by transfer, 
sale or otherwise, then upon the direction of such Holders, the 2007-1 SUBI 
shall be terminated, the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate shall be returned to the 
Vehicle Trustee and canceled and the Servicer shall reallocate all 2007-1 
SUBI Assets to the UTI.


(b)
Upon the sale of the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 5.04 of the 
Indenture, the Indenture Trustee may direct the Issuer promptly to sell the 
Trust Estate, including the 2007-1 SUBI Assets (other than amounts on 
deposit in the Distribution Accounts), in a commercially reasonable manner 
and on commercially reasonable terms.  In connection with any such sale, or 
the sale of the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 5.04 of the Indenture, the 
2007-1 SUBI Assets shall be distributed out of the Vehicle Trust  at the 
direction of the Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee, as applicable, and 
the purchaser shall take delivery of such 2007-1 SUBI Assets.  The Vehicle 
Trustee and the other parties hereto shall reasonably cooperate with the 
Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee, as applicable, to cause the related 
2007-1 Vehicles to be retitled as directed by the purchaser.  Following 
such sale, this Supplement shall terminate and the 2007-1 SUBI shall be 
terminated; provided however such termination shall affect the Vehicle 
Trust  only insofar as such termination relates to the 2007-1 SUBI.  Such 
termination shall not entitle the legal representatives of the 2007-1 SUBI 
or any Holder of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate to take any action for a 
partition or winding up of the Trust or any Trust Assets except with 
respect to the 2007-1 SUBI Assets and the rights, obligations and 
liabilities of the parties hereto shall not otherwise be affected.  
Promptly after the occurrence of any bankruptcy, insolvency or termination 
proceeding with respect to the Issuer, the Issuer shall give the Indenture 
Trustee, the Owner Trustee, the Vehicle Trustee and the Rating Agencies 
written notice of such event.  The proceeds of such sale shall be 
distributed by the Indenture Trustee, as set forth in Section 5.04 of the 
Indenture.


2.6
Representations and Warranties of Vehicle Trustee.  The Vehicle Trustee 
hereby reaffirms, as of the date hereof, the representations, warranties 
and covenants set forth in Section 7.7 of the Vehicle Trust Agreement, on 
which the Grantors and UTI Beneficiary, each of their permitted assignees 
and pledgees and each Registered Pledgee and Holder or Related Beneficiary 
of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate (and beneficial owner of any portion 
thereof, including the Issuer and the Trust Certificateholders) may rely; 
provided, however, that in lieu of the representations set forth in Section 
7.7(e) of the Vehicle Trust Agreement,  the Vehicle Trustee represents, 
warrants and covenants that the office where the Bank keeps its records 
concerning the transactions contemplated hereby is located at 100 White 
Clay Center, Route 273, Newark, Delaware 19711.  For purposes of this 
Section, any reference in Section 7.7 of the Vehicle Trust Agreement to the 
Vehicle Trust Agreement shall be deemed to constitute references to the 
SUBI Trust Agreement.  


2.7
Duties and Powers of Vehicle Trustee.  The Vehicle Trustee undertakes to 
perform such duties (and only such duties), take such actions (and only 
such actions) and refrain from taking such actions (and only such actions), 
as are expressly specified in this Supplement and the Vehicle Trust 
Agreement, or upon receipt of indemnity satisfactory to it for its fees and 
expenses, as may be directed, solely and exclusively, by the UTI 
Beneficiary in a manner, as evidenced by an opinion of counsel delivered to 
the Vehicle Trustee, not contrary to the terms of this Supplement.


ARTICLE III - 2007-1 SUBI ACCOUNTS


3.1
2007-1 SUBI Collection Account.  


(a)
With respect to the 2007-1 SUBI, pursuant to the Servicing Supplement, the 
Servicer shall establish, and the Trust Agent shall maintain, in the name 
of the Trust, for the exclusive benefit of the holders of interests in the 
2007-1 SUBI, the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account, which account shall 
constitute a SUBI Collection Account.  The 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account 
initially shall be established with Citibank, N.A., as the Trust Agent, so 
long as the Trust Agent has the Required Deposit Rating.  If the Trust 
Agent at any time does not have the Required Deposit Rating, the Servicer 
shall, with the assistance of the Trust Agent, as necessary, cause the 
2007-1 SUBI Collection Account to be moved in accordance with the Vehicle 
Trust Agreement.  The 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account shall relate solely to 
the 2007-1 SUBI and the 2007-1 SUBI Assets, and funds therein shall not be 
commingled with any other monies, except as otherwise provided for in or 
contemplated by the SUBI Trust Agreement or in the Servicing Agreement.  
All deposits into the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account shall be made as 
described in Section 2.2 of the Servicing Agreement.


(b)
On each Deposit Date and Payment Date, pursuant to the instructions from 
the Servicer, the Trust Agent shall make such deposits and withdrawals from 
the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account as set forth in the Servicing Supplement 
and the Indenture.


(c)
Any transfer of funds to a Holder of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate shall be 
made as directed pursuant to the Basic Documents.


3.2
Reserve Fund.  Pursuant to Section 5.01 of the Trust Agreement, the 
Transferor shall establish and maintain the Reserve Fund (a) with the 
Indenture Trustee, until the Outstanding Amount is reduced to zero, and (b) 
thereafter with the Owner Trustee.  Deposits and withdrawals from the 
Reserve Fund shall be made as directed pursuant to the Basic Documents, 
including Section 8.04(b) of the Indenture, Section 10.01 of the Indenture 
and Section 3.3 hereof.


3.3
Investment of Monies in 2007-1 SUBI Accounts.  Pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement, all amounts held in the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account shall be 
invested by the Trust Agent, at the written direction of the Servicer and 
the Administrator, in Permitted Investments.  Any investment earnings on 
the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account will be taxable to the holder of the 
Transferor Certificate.  On each Deposit Date, the Trust shall deposit all 
net income or other gain from the foregoing investments in respect of the 
related Collection Period into the Reserve Fund.


ARTICLE IV - 2007-1 SUBI PLEDGE


4.1
Registration of 2007-1 SUBI Pledge.  


The parties hereto hereby acknowledge the Issuers pledge, assignment, and 
grant to the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the holders of the 
Notes, under the Indenture of a security interest in the 2007-1 SUBI 
Certificate together with all rights appurtenant thereto and proceeds 
thereof, to secure the Notes. The Vehicle Trustee hereby acknowledges such 
pledge, assignment, and grant of security interest, and the Vehicle Trustee 
agrees to cause the Indenture Trustee to be listed in the Certificate 
Register as the Registered Pledgee of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate. The 
Issuer has caused the Vehicle Trustee to deliver the 2007-1 SUBI 
Certificate to the Indenture Trustee, as Registered Pledgee, who shall have 
the rights with respect thereto described herein and in the Indenture.



ARTICLE V - MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS


5.1
Amendment.


(a)
Subject to any applicable provisions of the Vehicle Trust Agreement, this 
Supplement (and, accordingly, the Vehicle Trust Agreement as it relates to 
the 2007-1 SUBI) may be amended by the parties hereto:


(i)
without the consent of the Holders; provided, that any such action will 
not, in the good faith judgment of the parties hereto, materially and 
adversely affect the interest of any Holder; and


(ii)
from time to time (including to change the manner in which the Reserve Fund 
is funded or to eliminate the Reserve Fund, or to change the remittance 
schedule for depositing SUBI Collections and other amounts into the 2007-1 
SUBI Collection Account) upon receipt of the consent of the Noteholders 
holding at least a majority of the aggregate principal balance of the Notes 
and, to the extent affected thereby, the consent of Certificateholders 
holding at least a majority of the aggregate principal balance of the 
Certificates, for the purpose of adding any provision to, or changing in 
any manner the rights of the Notes or Certificates, provided however, that 
to the extent that any such amendment materially affects the UTI or any 
Other SUBI, the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate or the 2007-1 SUBI Assets, such 
amendment shall require the consent of at least a majority of the Holders 
affected thereby; in addition, to the extent that (A) such amendment shall 
increase or reduce in any manner the amount of, or accelerate or delay the 
timing of, collections or payments in respect of the 2007-1 SUBI or the 
2007-1 SUBI Certificate or distributions required to be made on any 
Securities or (B) reduce the percentage of the aggregate principal amount 
of Securities required to consent to any such amendment, any such amendment 
shall require the consent of all the Holders or holders of 100% of all 
outstanding Securities, as the case may be.


(b)
An Opinion of Counsel is required to be delivered to the Vehicle Trustee to 
the effect that after such amendment, for federal income tax purposes, the 
Trust will not be treated as an association (or a publicly traded 
partnership) taxable as a corporation.


(c)
Any amendment to this Supplement shall amend the Vehicle Trust Agreement 
only insofar as such amendment relates to the 2007-1 SUBI.


(d)
Any amendment to this Supplement shall be deemed not to materially and 
adversely affect the interests of any holder of Notes, if the Rating Agency 
Condition is satisfied.


(e)
The Vehicle Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such 
amendment which adversely affects its rights, duties or immunities, under 
this Agreement or otherwise.  Prior to executing any amendment to this 
Supplement, the Vehicle Trustee shall be entitled to receive and rely upon 
an Opinion of Counsel as contemplated by Section 10.1 of the Vehicle Trust 
Agreement.


Any amendment of the Vehicle Trust Agreement entered into after the 
execution of this Supplement shall be ineffective as to the 2007-1 SUBI and 
the rights, obligations, estates and entitlements of the 2007-1 SUBI Assets 
created thereby and each beneficiary of the 2007-1 SUBI, and each party to 
this Supplement, and the 2007-1 SUBI shall continue in effect in all 
respects as though such amendment to the Vehicle Trust Agreement had not 
been executed (including any amendment to Section 10.1(b)) thereof unless 
such amendment has been approved in writing by any Registered Pledgee, and 
otherwise by the Holder of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate.  


5.2
Governing Law.  This Supplement shall be created under and governed by and 
construed under the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard 
to any otherwise applicable principles of conflict of laws.


5.3
Notices.  The notice provisions of Section 10.3 of the Vehicle Trust 
Agreement shall apply equally to this Supplement.  A copy of each notice or 
other writing required to be delivered to the Vehicle Trustee pursuant to 
the SUBI Trust Agreement also shall be delivered to the Owner Trustee at 
Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890; 
and to the Servicer at 300 Chestnut Ridge Road, Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 
07677 (telecopier no. (201) 307-9286), Attention:  General Counsel.


5.4
Severability of Provisions.  If any one or more of the covenants, 
agreements, provisions or terms of this Supplement (including any amendment 
hereto) shall be for any reason whatsoever held invalid, then such 
covenants, agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from 
the remaining covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this 
Supplement, as the same may be amended, and shall in no way affect the 
validity or enforceability of the other provisions of the SUBI Trust 
Agreement or of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate or the rights of the Holders or 
Registered Pledgees thereof.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, 
the parties hereto waive any provision of law that renders any covenant, 
agreement, provision or term of this Supplement, as the same may be 
amended, invalid or unenforceable in any respect.


5.5
Effect of Supplement on Vehicle Trust Agreement.


(a)
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein or unless the context 
otherwise requires, (i) the parties hereto shall continue to be bound by 
all provisions of the Vehicle Trust Agreement and (ii) the provisions set 
forth herein shall operate either as additions to or modifications of the 
extant obligations of the parties under the Vehicle Trust Agreement, as the 
context may require.  In the event of any conflict between this Supplement 
and the Vehicle Trust Agreement in respect of the 2007-1 SUBI, the 
provisions of this Supplement shall prevail.


(b)
For purposes of determining the obligations of the parties hereto under 
this Supplement with respect to the 2007-1 SUBI, except as otherwise 
indicated by the context, general references in the Vehicle Trust Agreement 
to (i) a SUBI Account shall be deemed to refer more specifically to a 
2007-1 SUBI Account, (ii) the SUBI shall be deemed to refer more 
specifically to the 2007-1 SUBI, (iii) a SUBI Collection Account shall be 
deemed to refer more specifically to the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account, 
(iv) a SUBI Asset shall be deemed to refer more specifically to a 2007-1 
SUBI Asset, (v) a SUBI Supplement shall be deemed to refer more 
specifically to this Supplement and (vi) a Servicing Supplement shall be 
deemed to refer more specifically to the Servicing Supplement.


(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Section 5.6 of the Vehicle Trust Agreement 
shall not be applicable in connection with this Supplement.


5.6
No Petition.  Each of the parties hereto and each Holder of, or each 
Registered Pledgee of, by acceptance of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate, or in 
the case of the Registered Pledgee, by acceptance of the pledge of such 
2007-1 SUBI Certificate, hereby covenants and agrees that prior to the date 
that is one year and one day after the date upon which all obligations and 
payments under the related transaction documents have been paid in full, 
they will not (and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the 
Indenture Trustee shall not have the power to) institute against, or join 
in any institution against the UTI Beneficiary, the Vehicle Trustee, the 
Vehicle Trust, the Transferor, the Issuer, any other Affiliate or any 
beneficiary, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or 
liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any United States federal 
or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with a Securitized 
Financing.  This Section shall survive the complete or partial termination 
of this Supplement, the resignation or removal of the Vehicle Trustee and 
the complete or partial resignation or removal of the Servicer.


5.7
Prohibited Directions.  As provided by Section 5.2(d) of the Vehicle Trust 
Agreement, neither the Beneficiary nor the holder of the 2007-1 SUBI 
Certificate shall direct the Vehicle Trustee (i) to take any action that 
would cause the 2007-1 SUBI Portfolio to be substantively consolidated into 
any other SUBI Portfolio such that it will have its separate existence 
disregarded in the event of a bankruptcy of the Beneficiary, the Trust or 
another SUBI or the UTI, (ii) to commingle any of the assets of the 2007-1 
SUBI Portfolio with the assets of any other SUBI Portfolio or the UTI 
Portfolio, (iii) to maintain the corporate, financial and accounting books 
and records and statements of the 2007-1 SUBI Portfolio, if any, in a 
manner such that they cannot be separated from those of any Other SUBI 
Portfolio or the UTI Portfolio, (iv) to take any action that would cause 
(a) the funds and other assets of the 2007-1 SUBI Portfolio, if any, not to 
be identifiable or the bank accounts, corporate records and books of 
account, if any, of the 2007-1 SUBI Portfolio and (b) the Trust to pay, 
other than from the assets of the 2007-1 SUBI Portfolio, any obligations or 
indebtedness of any kind incurred by the 2007-1 SUBI Portfolio and payable 
by the Trust pursuant to this Supplement, (v) to maintain the assets and 
liabilities of the 2007-1 SUBI Portfolio so that they are not readily 
ascertainable from those of any Other SUBI Portfolio or the UTI Portfolio 
and subject to segregation without requiring substantial time or expense to 
effect and account for such segregated assets and liabilities) (vi) file a 
voluntary petition as a debtor under the federal bankruptcy code or any 
similar insolvency law or on behalf of the Trust or the 2007-1 SUBI 
Portfolio (vii) to take any actions with respect to the 2007-1 SUBI 
Portfolio except in its capacity as the Vehicle Trustee.


5.8
Trust Termination.  Notwithstanding Section 9.1(b) of the Vehicle Trust 
Agreement, the UTI Beneficiary shall not direct that the Trust dissolve 
prior to payment in full of all amounts owed under the Vehicle Trust 
Agreement, the Trust Agreement and the Indenture and under any Securitized 
Financing in connection with an Other SUBI.  


[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]




------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Grantor and UTI Beneficiary, and the Vehicle 
Trustee have caused this Supplement to be duly executed by their respective 
officers as of the day and year first above written.
                                    BMW MANUFACTURING L.P.,
                                      as Grantor and UTI Beneficiary

                                    By:
                                    BMW FACILITY PARTNERS, LLC,
                                    as General Partner


                                    By:
                                                  /s/ Kerstin Zerbst
                                    Name:  Kerstin Zerbst
                                    Title:    President


                                    By:
                                                  /s/ Joachim Herr
                                    Name:  Joachim Herr
                                    Title:    Treasurer


                                    THE BANK OF NEW YORK (DELAWARE), as
                                    Vehicle Trustee


                                    By:
                                       /s/ Kristine K. Gullo
                                    Name: Kristine K. Gullo
                                    Title:   Vice President




------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT A




SCHEDULE OF 2007-1 LEASES AND 2007-1 VEHICLES




[Omitted.  Copies on file with the Servicer and the Owner Trustee.]




------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT B




FORM OF 2007-1 SUBI CERTIFICATE


FINANCIAL SERVICES VEHICLE TRUST


2007-1 SPECIAL UNIT OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST CERTIFICATE


No. R-___


evidencing a fractional undivided interest in all 2007-1 SUBI Assets (as 
defined below).


This 2007-1 Special Unit of Beneficial Interest Certificate does not 
represent an interest in or obligation of BMW Financial Services NA, LLC, 
The Bank of New York (Delaware) or any of their respective affiliates, 
except to the extent described below.


THIS CERTIFIES THAT ________________ is the registered owner of a 
nonassessable, fully-paid, undivided interest in the 2007-1 SUBI Assets 
owned by Financial Services Vehicle Trust (the Trust).


The Trust was created pursuant to a trust agreement, dated as of August 30, 
1995, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time (the Vehicle 
Trust Agreement), among BMW Manufacturing L.P. (BMW LP), as grantor and 
initial beneficiary (in such capacities, the Grantor and the UTI 
Beneficiary, respectively), and The Bank of New York (Delaware), as 
trustee (the Vehicle Trustee).


This certificate is a duly authorized 2007-1 SUBI Certificate, and is 
issued under and is subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the 
Vehicle Trust Agreement and the 2007-1 vehicle trust supplement thereto, 
dated as of November 2, 2007 (the 2007-1 SUBI Supplement and, together 
with the Vehicle Trust Agreement, the SUBI Trust Agreement).  To the 
extent not otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein have the 
meanings assigned thereto in the SUBI Trust Agreement.  By acceptance of 
this 2007-1 SUBI Certificate, the Holder hereof assents to the terms and 
conditions of the SUBI Trust Agreement and agrees to be bound thereby.  A 
summary of certain of the pertinent provisions of the SUBI Trust Agreement 
is set forth below.


The assets of the Trust allocated to the 2007-1 SUBI will generally consist 
of (i) cash capital, (ii) the 2007-1 Leases and (iii) the 2007-1 Vehicles 
and all of the Trusts rights thereunder, including the right to proceeds 
arising therefrom or in connection therewith.


Under the Vehicle Trust Agreement, from time to time the UTI Beneficiary 
may direct the Vehicle Trustee to issue to or upon the order of the UTI 
Beneficiary one or more certificates (each, a  SUBI Certificate) 
representing a beneficial interest in certain specified Vehicles, Leases 
and related Trust Assets (such assets, the SUBI Assets).  Upon the 
issuance of the SUBI Certificates relating to the SUBI Assets, the 
beneficial interest in the Trust and the Trust Assets represented by the 
UTI shall be reduced by the amount of the Trust Assets represented by such 
SUBI Certificates.  This certificate evidences an interest in all 2007-1 
SUBI Assets, was issued pursuant to the 2007-1 SUBI Supplement and 
represents a beneficial interest in the 2007-1 SUBI Assets.


The UTI and the 2007-1 SUBI shall each constitute a separate series of the 
Trust pursuant to Section 3806(b)(2) of the Business Trust Statute for 
which separate and distinct records shall be maintained.  The 2007-1 SUBI 
Certificate and the interest in the 2007-1 SUBI represented thereby 
constitutes a security within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(15) of the 
UCC and a certificated security within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(4) 
of the UCC.


The 2007-1 SUBI Supplement may be amended by the parties thereto upon the 
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 2007-1 SUBI 
Supplement.


The Holder, by acceptance of this 2007-1 SUBI Certificate, covenants and 
agrees that prior to the date that is one year and one day after the date 
upon which all obligations under each Securitized Financing have been paid 
in full, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in 
instituting against any Grantor, the Vehicle Trustee, the Trust, any 
Beneficiary, any general partner of a Beneficiary or of a Special Purpose 
Affiliate that is a partnership or any member of a Beneficiary or Special 
Purpose Affiliate (or any of their respective general partners) that is a 
limited liability company, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, 
insolvency or liquidation Proceeding or other Proceedings under any federal 
or state bankruptcy or similar law.  Such covenant shall survive the 
termination of the SUBI Trust Agreement, the resignation or removal of the 
Vehicle Trustee under the SUBI Trust Agreement or the complete or partial 
resignation of the Servicer.


The Holder hereof or owner of a beneficial interest herein hereby (i) 
expressly waives any claim it may have to any proceeds or assets of the 
Vehicle Trustee and to all of the Trust Assets other than those from time 
to time included within the 2007-1 SUBI as 2007-1 SUBI Assets and those 
proceeds or assets derived from or earned by such 2007-1 SUBI Assets and 
(ii) expressly subordinates in favor of the Holder of any Other SUBI 
Certificate or a UTI Certificate any claim to any Other SUBI or UTI Assets 
that, notwithstanding the waiver contained in clause (i), may be determined 
to exist.


The Vehicle Trustee shall keep the certificate register with respect to 
this 2007-1 SUBI Certificate, and the Holder of this 2007-1 SUBI 
Certificate shall notify the Vehicle Trustee of any change of address or 
instructions on the distribution of funds.


Upon the dissolution of the Trust with respect to the 2007-1 SUBI, the 
2007-1 SUBI shall be terminated and the 2007-1 SUBI Certificates shall be 
returned to the Vehicle Trustee for cancellation.  Such a termination shall 
not effect a termination of the Trust or of any Other SUBIs that is in 
existence at the time of such termination.


The Trust or the UTI may terminate upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the SUBI Trust Agreement.


No SUBI or SUBI Certificate shall be transferred or assigned except to the 
extent specified in the SUBI Trust Agreement or in any related Supplement 
and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any such purported 
transfer or assignment other than as so specified shall be deemed null, 
void and of no effect under the SUBI Trust Agreement.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the SUBI Certificate and the interest in the SUBI evidenced 
thereby may be (i) transferred, assigned or pledged to any Special Purpose 
Affiliate or (ii) transferred, assigned or pledged by the Related 
Beneficiary or a Special Purpose Affiliate to or in favor of (A) a trustee 
for one or more trusts or (B) one or more other entities, in either case 
solely for the purpose of securing or otherwise facilitating one or more 
Securitized Financings.


This 2007-1 SUBI Certificate shall be governed by and construed under the 
internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any otherwise 
applicable principles of conflict of laws.


Unless this 2007-1 SUBI Certificate shall have been executed by an 
authorized officer of the Vehicle Trustee, by manual signature, this 2007-1 
SUBI Certificate shall not entitle the holder hereof to any benefit under 
the SUBI Trust Agreement or be valid for any purpose.




------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, The Bank of New York (Delaware), as Vehicle Trustee of 
the Trust and not in its individual capacity, has caused this 2007-1 SUBI 
Certificate to be duly executed.


Dated:  __________, 20[__]
                                    FINANCIAL SERVICES VEHICLE TRUST

                                    By:  
                                    THE BANK OF NEW YORK (DELAWARE), not in
                                    its individual capacity but solely as
                                    Vehicle Trustee


                                    By:
                                    ____________________________
                                    Name:
                                    Title:




------------------------------------------------------------------------

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, transfers and assigns 
unto ______________ the within 2007-1 SUBI Certificate, and all rights 
thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing _____________ as 
attorney to transfer said 2007-1 SUBI Certificate on the books of the 
certificate registrar, with full power of substitution in the premises.


Dated:  _____________________


                                    By:
                                    _______________________________
                                    Name:
                                    Title:



