 EX-10.6 9 m0839exhibit106.htm ISSUER ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT
EXECUTION COPY













BMW VEHICLE LEASE TRUST 2007-1,
as Issuer,


BMW FINANCIAL SERVICES NA, LLC,
as Administrator,


BMW AUTO LEASING LLC,
as Transferor,


and


Citibank, N.A.,




ISSUER ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT


Dated as of November 2, 2007















------------------------------------------------------------------------

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

1.1.
Capitalized Terms; Interpretive Provisions.
1

1.2.
Duties of the Administrator.
2

1.3.
Records
8

1.4.
Compensation
8

1.5.
Additional Information to be Furnished to the Issuer
8

1.6.
Independence of the Administrator
8

1.7.
No Joint Venture
8

1.8.
Other Activities of Administrator
8

1.9.
Term of Agreement; Resignation and Removal of Administrator
8

1.10.
Action Upon Termination, Resignation or Removal
10

1.11.
Notices
10

1.12.
Amendments
10

1.13.
Successors and Assigns
11

1.14.
Governing Law
11

1.15.
Headings
11

1.16.
Counterparts
11

1.17.
Severability
11

1.18.
Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee and Indenture Trustee.
12

1.19.
Third-Party Beneficiary
12

1.20.
Additional Requirements of the Administrator.
12

1.21.
Nonpetition Covenants
14


EXHIBITS


EXHIBIT A  FORM OF ANNUAL CERTIFICATION


EXHIBIT B - SERVICING CRITERIA TO BE ADDRESSED IN ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE





------------------------------------------------------------------------

This Issuer Administration Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2007 (the 
Agreement), is among BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1, a Delaware statutory 
trust, as issuer (the Issuer), BMW Financial Services NA, LLC a Delaware 
limited liability company (BMW FS), as administrator (in such capacity, 
the Administrator), BMW Auto Leasing LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company, as transferor (the Transferor), and Citbank, N.A., a national 
banking association (the Indenture Trustee).


RECITALS


WHEREAS, BMW Auto Leasing LLC, as transferor, and Wilmington Trust Company, 
as trustee (the Owner Trustee), are entering into that certain trust 
agreement, dated as of October 15, 2007 and amended and restated as of 
November 2, 2007 (the Trust Agreement), pursuant to which, among other 
things, the Issuer will be created; and


WHEREAS, the parties desire to enter into this Agreement to provide for, 
among other things, the Administrators provision of certain services to 
the Issuer and the Owner Trustee.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, 
and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of 
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:


1.1.
Capitalized Terms; Interpretive Provisions.


(a)
Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the 
meanings ascribed thereto in the SUBI Trust Agreement, the Servicing 
Agreement, the Trust Agreement or the Indenture, as the case may be.  
Whenever used herein, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
words and phrases shall have the following meanings:


Accountants means a firm of independent public accountants acceptable to 
the Owner Trustee.


Agreement means this Issuer Administration Agreement, as amended, 
supplemented or modified from time to time.


Basic Servicing Agreement means that certain servicing agreement, dated 
as of August 30, 1995, among BMW Manufacturing L.P., as UTI Beneficiary, 
Financial Services Vehicle Trust, as trustee and BMW FS, as servicer.


Indenture means that certain indenture, dated as of November 2, 2007, 
between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time.


Majority Interest means, with respect to the holders of Notes, the 
holders of a majority of the aggregate principal balance of such Notes.


Servicing Agreement means the Basic Servicing Agreement, as amended and 
supplemented by that certain supplement dated as of November 2, 2007 among 
the parties to the Basic Servicing Agreement, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time.


SUBI Trust Agreement means the Vehicle Trust Agreement, as supplemented 
by that certain 2007-1 supplement thereto, dated as of November 2, 2007, 
among the parties to the Vehicle Trust Agreement, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time.


Related Documents means all of the Basic Documents to which the Issuer or 
the Owner Trustee is a party, as the same shall be amended from time to 
time.


Vehicle Trust Agreement means that certain amended and restated trust 
agreement, dated as of September 27, 1996, as further amended as of May 25, 
2000 and December 1, 2006 between BMW Manufacturing L.P., as grantor and 
initial beneficiary, and The Bank of New York (Delaware), as trustee.


(b)
For all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided 
or unless the context otherwise requires, (i) terms used in this Agreement 
include, as appropriate, all genders and the plural as well as the 
singular, (ii) references to words such as herein, hereof and the like 
shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular part, 
Article or Section within this Agreement and (iii) the term include and 
all variations thereof shall mean include without limitation.


1.2.
Duties of the Administrator.


(a)
The Administrator agrees to perform all its duties as Administrator and the 
duties (other than payment obligations) of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee 
(other than as required under Article Thirteen of the Trust Agreement) 
under the Related Documents.  In addition, the Administrator shall consult 
with the Owner Trustee regarding the duties of the Issuer or the Owner 
Trustee under the Related Documents.  The Administrator shall monitor the 
performance of the Issuer and shall notify the Owner Trustee in writing 
when action is necessary to comply with the respective duties (other than 
payment obligations) of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee under the Related 
Documents.  The Administrator shall prepare for execution by the Issuer, or 
shall cause the preparation by other appropriate persons of, all such 
documents, reports, notices, filings, instruments, certificates and 
opinions that it shall be the duty of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee to 
prepare, file or deliver pursuant to the Related Documents.  In furtherance 
of the foregoing, the Administrator shall take (or, in the case of the 
immediately preceding sentence, cause to be taken) all appropriate action 
that the Issuer or the Owner Trustee is required to take pursuant to the 
Indenture including, without limitation, such of the foregoing as are 
required with respect to the following matters under the Indenture 
(references are to Sections of the Indenture):


(i)
the duty to cause the Note Register to be kept and to give the Indenture 
Trustee notice of any appointment of a new Note Registrar and the location, 
or change in location, of the Note Register (Section 2.04);


(ii)
the preparation of or obtaining of the documents and instruments required 
for execution and authentication of the Notes and delivery of the same to 
the Indenture Trustee (Section 2.02);


(iii)
the maintenance of an office in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New 
York, for registration of transfer or exchange of Notes (Section 3.02);


(iv)
the duty to cause newly appointed Paying Agents, if any, to deliver to the 
Indenture Trustee the instrument specified in the Indenture regarding funds 
held in trust (Section 3.03);


(v)
the direction to the Indenture Trustee to deposit monies with Paying 
Agents, if any, other than the Indenture Trustee (Section 3.03);


(vi)
the obtaining and preservation of the Issuers qualifications to do 
business pursuant to Section 3.04 of the Indenture (Section 3.04);


(vii)
the preparation of all supplements and amendments to the Indenture and all 
financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further 
assurance and other instruments and the taking of such other actions as are 
necessary or advisable to protect the Trust Estate (Section 3.05);


(viii)
the delivery of the Opinion of Counsel on the Closing Date and the annual 
delivery of Opinions of Counsel as to the Trust Estate, and the annual 
delivery of the Officers Certificate and certain other statements as to 
compliance with the Indenture (Sections 3.06 and 3.09);


(ix)
the identification to the Indenture Trustee in an Officers Certificate of 
a Person with whom the Issuer has contracted to perform its duties under 
the Indenture (Section 3.07(b));


(x)
the notification of the Indenture Trustee and each Rating Agency of a 
Servicer Default under the Servicing Agreement and, if such Servicer 
Default arises from the failure of the Servicer to perform any of its 
duties or obligations under the Servicing Agreement with respect to the 
2007-1 SUBI Assets, the taking of all reasonable steps available to remedy 
such failure (Section 3.07(d));


(xi)
the delivery of written notice to the Indenture Trustee and each Rating 
Agency of each Indenture Default and each Servicer Default (Section 3.11);


(xii)
the preparation and obtaining of documents and instruments required for the 
release of the Issuer from its obligations under the Indenture (Section 
4.01);


(xiii)
the monitoring of the Issuers obligations as to the satisfaction and 
discharge of the Indenture and the preparation of an Officers Certificate 
and the obtaining of the Opinion of Counsel and the Independent Certificate 
relating thereto (Section 4.01);


(xiv)
the compliance with Section 5.02 of the Indenture with respect to the sale 
of the Trust Estate in a commercially reasonable manner if an Indenture 
Default shall have occurred and be continuing (Sections 5.02 and 5.04);


(xv)
the preparation and delivery of notice to Noteholders and the Cap 
Counterparty of the removal of the Indenture Trustee and the appointment of 
a successor Indenture Trustee (Section 6.08);


(xvi)
the preparation of any written instruments required to confirm more fully 
the authority of any co-trustee or separate trustee and any written 
instruments necessary in connection with the resignation or removal of the 
Indenture Trustee or any co-trustee or separate trustee (Sections 6.08 and 
6.10);


(xvii)
the furnishing of the Indenture Trustee with the names and addresses of 
Noteholders during any period when the Indenture Trustee is not the Note 
Registrar (Section 7.01) and the Notes are not held through the Depository 
Trust Company;


(xviii)
the preparation and filing of any documents required to be filed pursuant 
to Section 7.03 of the Indenture (Section 7.03);


(xix)
the opening of the Note Distribution Account and the taking of all other 
actions necessary with respect to the investment of funds therein (Sections 
8.02 and 8.05);


(xx)
the preparation of an Issuer Request for the release of the Trust Estate 
(Section 8.06);


(xxi)
the preparation of Issuer Requests and the obtaining of Opinions of 
Counsel, if required with respect to the execution of supplemental 
indentures and the mailing to the Noteholders and the Cap Counterparty of 
notices with respect to such supplemental indentures (Sections 9.01, 9.02 
and 9.03);


(xxii)
the execution, authentication and delivery of new Notes conforming to any 
supplemental indenture, if required (Section 9.05);


(xxiii)
the duty to notify Noteholders, the Cap Counterparty and each Rating Agency 
of redemption of the Notes or to cause the Indenture Trustee to provide 
such notification (Section 10.02);


(xxiv)
the preparation and delivery of all Officers Certificates, Opinions of 
Counsel and Independent Certificates with respect to any requests by the 
Issuer to the Indenture Trustee to take any action under the Indenture 
(Section 11.01(a));


(xxv)
the preparation and delivery of Officers Certificates and the obtaining of 
Independent Certificates, if necessary, for the release of property from 
the Lien of the Indenture (Section 11.01(b));


(xxvi)
the notification of each Rating Agency, upon the failure of the Issuer, the 
Owner Trustee or the Indenture Trustee to give such notification, of the 
information required pursuant to Section 11.04 of the Indenture (Section 
11.04); and


(xxvii)
the preparation of Definitive Notes in accordance with the instructions of 
the Clearing Agency (Section 2.11).


(b)
The Administrator shall:


(i)
pay the Indenture Trustee from time to time reasonable compensation for all 
services rendered by the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture (which 
compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the 
compensation of a trustee of an express trust);


(ii)
except as otherwise expressly provided in the Indenture, reimburse the 
Indenture Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, 
disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Indenture Trustee in 
accordance with any provision of the Indenture (including the reasonable 
compensation, expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel) other 
than overhead, except any such expense, disbursement or advance as may be 
attributable to its negligence or bad faith;


(iii)
pay any indemnity owing by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee under the 
Indenture;


(iv)
pay any indemnity owing by the Transferor to the Owner Trustee under the 
Trust Agreement;


(v)
pay the Owner Trustee from time to time reasonable compensation for all 
services rendered by the Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement (which 
compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the 
compensation for a trustee of an express trust);


(vi)
except as otherwise expressly provided in the Trust Agreement, reimburse 
the Owner Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, 
disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Owner Trustee in 
accordance with any provision of the Trust Agreement (including reasonable 
compensation, expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel) other 
than overhead, except any such expense, disbursement or advance as may be 
attributable to its gross negligence or bad faith; and


(vii)
take all steps necessary to enforce the Issuers rights under the Interest 
Rate Cap Agreement, including receiving payments from the Cap Counterparty 
when due and exercising the Issuer's rights under the Interest Rate Cap 
Agreement including if either the long-term senior unsecured debt rating of 
the Cap Counterparty is downgraded below A3 by Moodys or A+ by 
Standard & Poor's or the short-term debt rating of the Cap Counterparty is 
reduced below P-1 by Moody's or below A-1 by Standard & Poor's, the 
right to require the Cap Counterparty to obtain a guarantee of its 
obligations or to substitute a replacement cap provider (subject to the 
assumption by the replacement cap provider of the Cap Counterpartys 
obligations under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement) within 30 days of the 
occurrence of such reduction, or in certain circumstances, post collateral, 
in each case in accordance with the terms of the Interest Rate Cap 
Agreement.


(c)
In addition to the duties set forth in Sections 1.2(a) and (b), the 
Administrator shall perform such calculations and shall prepare or shall 
cause the preparation by other appropriate Persons of, and shall execute on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee, all such documents, notices, 
reports, filings, instruments, certificates and opinions that the Issuer or 
the Owner Trustee are required to prepare, file or deliver pursuant to the 
Related Documents, and shall take all appropriate action that the Issuer or 
the Owner Trustee are required to take pursuant to the Related Documents.  
Subject to Section 1.6, the Administrator shall administer, perform or 
supervise the performance of such other activities in connection with the 
Collateral (including the Related Documents) as are not covered by any of 
the foregoing provisions and as are expressly requested by the Owner 
Trustee, are reasonably within the capability of the Administrator and 
necessary to effect the transactions contemplated by the Related Documents.


(d)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the Related Documents to the 
contrary, the Administrator shall be responsible for promptly notifying the 
Owner Trustee in the event that any withholding tax is imposed on the 
Issuers payments (or allocations of income) to a Trust Certificateholder 
as contemplated in Section 5.02(d) of the Trust Agreement.  Any such notice 
shall specify the amount of any withholding tax required to be withheld by 
the Owner Trustee pursuant to such provision.


(e)
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the Related Documents to the 
contrary, the Administrator shall be responsible for performance of the 
duties of the Owner Trustee set forth in Section 5.03 of the Trust 
Agreement and Section 2.19 of the Servicing Agreement with respect to 
notifying the Trust Certificateholders of the Payment Date on which their 
Trust Certificates will be repaid or redeemed, as the case may be, and 
Section 5.04(a) of the Trust Agreement with respect to accounting and 
reports to Trust Certificateholders; provided, however, that the Owner 
Trustee shall retain responsibility for the distribution of the 
documentation necessary to enable each Trust Certificateholder to prepare 
its federal and state income tax returns.


(f)
The Administrator shall perform any duties expressly required to be 
performed by the Administrator under the Trust Agreement and the Indenture.


(g)
In carrying out the foregoing duties or any of its other obligations under 
this Agreement, the Administrator may enter into transactions or otherwise 
deal with any of its Affiliates; provided, however, that the terms of any 
such transactions or dealings shall be in accordance with any directions 
received from the Issuer and shall be, in the Administrators opinion, no 
less favorable to the Issuer than would be available from unaffiliated 
parties.


(h)
With respect to matters that in the reasonable judgment of the 
Administrator are non-ministerial, the Administrator shall not take any 
action unless within a reasonable time before the taking of such action, 
the Administrator shall have notified the Owner Trustee of the proposed 
action and the Owner Trustee shall not have withheld consent or provided an 
alternative direction.  For the purpose of the preceding sentence, 
non-ministerial matters shall include:


(i)
amendment of or any supplement to the Indenture;


(i)
the initiation of any claim or lawsuit by the Issuer and the compromise of 
any action, claim or lawsuit brought by or against the Issuer (other than 
in connection with the collection of the Leases);


(ii)
the amendment, change or modification of the Related Documents;


(iii)
the appointment of successor Note Registrars, successor Paying Agents and 
successor Indenture Trustees pursuant to the Indenture or the appointment 
of successor Administrators or successor Servicers, or the consent to the 
assignment by the Note Registrar, any Paying Agent or Indenture Trustee of 
its obligations under the Indenture;


(iv)
the removal of the Indenture Trustee;


(v)
the provision of copies of any amendment or supplement to the Interest Rate 
Cap Agreement to the Rating Agencies; and


(vi)
the notification to the Cap Counterparty of any proposed amendment or 
supplement to any of the Transaction Documents.


(vii)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the 
Administrator shall not be obligated to, and shall not, (i) make any 
payments to the Noteholders under the Related Documents, (ii) sell the 
Trust Estate pursuant to Section 5.02 of the Indenture, (iii) take any 
other action that the Issuer directs the Administrator not to take on its 
behalf or (iv) take any other action which may be construed as having the 
effect of varying the investment of the Trust Certificateholders.


1.3.
Records.  The Administrator shall maintain appropriate books of account and 
records relating to services performed hereunder, which books of account 
and records shall be accessible for inspection by the Issuer and the 
Transferor at any time during normal business hours.


1.4.
Compensation.  As compensation for the performance of the Administrators 
obligations under this Agreement and as reimbursement for its expenses 
related thereto, the Administrator shall be paid a fee by the Servicer.


1.5.
Additional Information to be Furnished to the Issuer.  The Administrator 
shall furnish to the Issuer from time to time such additional information 
regarding the Collateral as the Issuer shall reasonably request.


1.6.
Independence of the Administrator.  For all purposes of this Agreement, the 
Administrator shall be an independent contractor and shall not be subject 
to the supervision of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee with respect to the 
manner in which it accomplishes the performance of its obligations 
hereunder.  Unless expressly authorized by the Issuer, the Administrator 
shall have no authority to act for or represent the Issuer or the Owner 
Trustee in any way and shall not otherwise be deemed an agent of the Issuer 
or the Owner Trustee.


1.7.
No Joint Venture.  Nothing contained in this Agreement (i) shall constitute 
the Administrator and either of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee as members 
of any partnership, joint venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated 
business or other separate entity, (ii) shall be construed to impose any 
liability as such on any of them or (iii) shall be deemed to confer on any 
of them any express, implied or apparent authority to incur any obligation 
or liability on behalf of the others.


1.8.
Other Activities of Administrator.  Nothing herein shall prevent the 
Administrator or its Affiliates from engaging in other businesses or, in 
its sole discretion, from acting in a similar capacity as an administrator 
for any other Person or entity, even though such person or entity may 
engage in business activities similar to those of the Issuer, the Owner 
Trustee or the Indenture Trustee.


1.9.
Term of Agreement; Resignation and Removal of Administrator.  This 
Agreement shall continue in force until the dissolution of the Issuer, upon 
which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate.


(a)
Subject to Sections 1.9(d) and (e), the Administrator may resign its duties 
hereunder by providing the Issuer with at least 60 days prior written 
notice.


(b)
Subject to Sections 1.9(d) and (e), the Issuer may remove the Administrator 
without cause by providing the Administrator with at least 60 days prior 
written notice.


(c)
Subject to Sections 1.9(d) and (e), at the sole option of the Issuer, the 
Administrator may be removed immediately upon written notice of termination 
from the Issuer to the Administrator if any of the following events shall 
occur:


(i)
the Administrator shall default in the performance of any of its duties 
under this Agreement and, after notice of such default, shall not cure such 
default within ten days (or, if such default cannot be cured in such time, 
shall not give within ten days such assurance of cure as shall be 
reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer);


(ii)
the existence of any proceeding or action, or the entry of a decree or 
order for relief by a court or regulatory authority having jurisdiction 
over the Administrator in an involuntary case under the federal bankruptcy 
laws, as now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, 
assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the 
Administrator or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the 
winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Administrator and the 
continuance of any such action, proceeding, decree or order unstayed and, 
in the case of any such order or decree, in effect for a period of 90 
consecutive days;


(iii)
the commencement by the Administrator of a voluntary case under the federal 
bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by the 
Administrator to the appointment of or taking of possession by a receiver, 
liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar 
official of the Administrator or of any substantial part of its property or 
the making by the Administrator of an assignment for the benefit of 
creditors or the failure by the Administrator generally to pay its debts as 
such debts become due or the taking of corporate action by the 
Administrator in furtherance of any of the foregoing; or


(iv)
any failure by the Administrator to deliver any information, report, 
certification, attestation or accountants letter when and as required 
under Section 1.20 which continues unremedied for fifteen (15) calendar 
days after the date on which such information, report, certification, 
attestation or accountants letter was required to be delivered.


The Administrator agrees that if any of the events specified in clauses 
(ii) or (iii) above shall occur, it shall give written notice thereof to 
the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee within seven days after the occurrence 
of such event.


(d)
No resignation or removal of the Administrator pursuant to this Section 
shall be effective until (i) a successor Administrator shall have been 
appointed by the Issuer and (ii) such successor Administrator shall have 
agreed in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement in the same 
manner as the Administrator is bound hereunder.


(e)
The appointment of any successor Administrator shall be effective only 
after satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition with respect to the 
proposed appointment.


(f)
Subject to Section 1.9(d) and 1.9(e), the Administrator acknowledges that 
upon the appointment of a successor Servicer pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement, the Administrator shall immediately resign and such successor 
Servicer shall automatically become the Administrator under this Agreement; 
provided, however, that this paragraph shall not apply at such times as the 
Vehicle Trustee shall be the successor Servicer.


1.10.
Action Upon Termination, Resignation or Removal.  Promptly upon the 
effective date of termination of this Agreement pursuant to the first 
sentence of Section 1.9 or the resignation or removal of the Administrator 
pursuant to Section 1.9(a), (b) or (c), respectively, the Administrator 
shall be entitled to be paid all fees and reimbursable expenses accruing to 
it to the date of such termination, resignation or removal.  The 
Administrator shall forthwith upon such termination pursuant to the first 
sentence of Section 1.9 deliver to the Issuer all property and documents of 
or relating to the Collateral then in the custody of the Administrator.  In 
the event of the resignation or removal of the Administrator pursuant to 
Section 1.9(a), (b) or (c), respectively, the Administrator shall cooperate 
with the Issuer and take all reasonable steps requested to assist the 
Issuer in making an orderly transfer of the duties of the Administrator.


1.11.
Notices.  All demands, notices and communications hereunder shall be in 
writing and shall be delivered or mailed by registered or certified 
first-class United States mail, postage prepaid, hand delivery, prepaid 
courier service, or by telecopier, and addressed in each case as follows:  
(i) if to the Issuer or the Administrator, at 300 Chestnut Ridge Road, 
Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677, (telecopier no. (201) 307-9286), Attention: 
General Counsel, with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Reed 
Auerbach, Esq., McKee Nelson LLP, One Battery Park Plaza, 34th Floor, New 
York, New York 10004; (ii) if to the Owner Trustee, at Rodney Square North, 
1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1600; (iii) if to the 
Indenture Trustee, at 388 Greenwich Street, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10013; 
(iv) if to Moodys, to ABS/RMBS Monitoring Department, 25th Floor, 7 World 
Trade Center, 250 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10007, Email: , Fax: 
212-298-7139; (v) if to S&P, to   or to Standard & Poors Ratings Services, 
55 Water Street, 42nd Floor, New York, New York 10041 (telecopier no. (212) 
438-2654), Attention: Asset Backed Surveillance Group; or (v) at such other 
address as shall be designated by any of the foregoing in a written notice 
to the other parties hereto.  Delivery shall occur only upon receipt or 
reported tender of such communication by an officer of the recipient 
entitled to receive such notices located at the address of such recipient 
for notices hereunder.


1.12.
Amendments.  This Agreement may be amended from time to time by a written 
amendment duly executed and delivered by the parties hereto, with the 
written consent of the Owner Trustee but without the consent of the 
Securityholders, for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in 
any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of 
modifying in any manner the rights of the Securityholders; provided, that 
such amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interest of any 
Noteholder or Trust Certificateholder.  This Agreement may also be amended 
by the parties hereto with the written consent of the Owner Trustee and the 
holders of Notes evidencing at least a Majority Interest and the holders of 
Trust Certificates evidencing at least a majority of the Certificate 
Percentage Interest for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing 
in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of 
modifying in any manner the rights of Securityholders; provided, however, 
that no such amendment may (i) increase or reduce in any manner the amount 
of, or accelerate or delay the timing of, collections of payments on the 
2007-1 Leases or distributions that are required to be made for the benefit 
of the Securityholders or (ii) reduce the aforesaid percentage of the 
holders of Notes and Trust Certificates which are required to consent to 
any such amendment, without the consent of the holders of all outstanding 
Notes and Trust Certificates.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
Administrator may not amend this Agreement without the permission of the 
Transferor, which permission shall not be unreasonably withheld.


1.13.
Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement may not be assigned by the 
Administrator unless such assignment is previously consented to in writing 
by the Issuer and the Owner Trustee and subject to the confirmation from 
each Rating Agency that such amendment will not result in a Rating Event.  
An assignment with such consent and satisfaction, if accepted by the 
assignee, shall bind the assignee hereunder in the same manner as the 
Administrator is bound hereunder.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this 
Agreement may be assigned by the Administrator without the consent of the 
Issuer or the Owner Trustee to a corporation or other organization that is 
a successor (by merger, consolidation or purchase of assets) to the 
Administrator; provided, that such successor organization executes and 
delivers to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee an 
agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Owner 
Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, in which such corporation or other 
organization agrees to be bound hereunder by the terms of said assignment 
in the same manner as the Administrator is bound hereunder.  Subject to the 
foregoing, this Agreement shall bind any successors or assigns of the 
parties hereto.


1.14.
Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of New York.


1.15.
Headings.  The headings of the various Sections herein are for convenience 
of reference only and shall not define or limit any of the terms or 
provisions hereof.


1.16.
Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in 
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall 
be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one 
and the same instrument.


1.17.
Severability.  Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or 
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be 
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without 
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or 
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render 
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.


1.18.
Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee and Indenture Trustee.


(a)
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, this instrument 
has been countersigned by Wilmington Trust Company not in its individual 
capacity but solely in its capacity as Owner Trustee of the Issuer and in 
no event shall Wilmington Trust Company in its individual capacity or, 
except as expressly provided in the Trust Agreement, as Owner Trustee of 
the Issuer have any liability for the representations, warranties, 
covenants, agreements or other obligations of the Issuer hereunder or in 
any of the certificates, notices or agreements delivered pursuant hereto, 
as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuer 
in accordance with the priorities set forth herein.  For all purposes of 
this Agreement, in the performance of any duties or obligations of the 
Issuer hereunder, the Owner Trustee shall be subject to, and entitled to 
the benefits of, the terms and provisions of Articles Six, Seven and Eight 
of the Trust Agreement.


(b)
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, in no event 
shall Citibank, N.A. have any liability for the representations, 
warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations of the Issuer 
hereunder or in any of the certificates, notices or agreements delivered 
pursuant hereto, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the 
assets of the Issuer.


1.19.
Third-Party Beneficiary.  The Owner Trustee is a third-party beneficiary to 
this Agreement and is entitled to the rights and benefits hereunder and may 
enforce the provisions hereof as if it were a party hereto.


1.20.
Additional Requirements of the Administrator.  


(a)
Reporting Requirements.


(i)
If so requested by the Issuer for the purpose of satisfying its reporting 
obligation under the Exchange Act with respect to any class of asset-backed 
securities, the Administrator  shall  (i) notify the Issuer in writing of 
any material litigation or governmental proceedings pending against the 
Administrator and (ii) provide to the Issuer a description of such 
proceedings.


(ii)
As a condition to the succession to the Administrator by any Person as 
permitted by Section 1.9 hereof the Administrator shall provide to the 
Issuer, at least 10 Business Days prior to the effective date of such 
succession or appointment, (x) written notice to the Issuer, of such 
succession or appointment and (y) in writing all information in order to 
comply with its reporting obligation under Item 6.02 of Form 8-K with 
respect to any class of asset-backed securities.


(iii)
In addition to such information as the Administrator, as administrator, is 
obligated to provide pursuant to other provisions of this Agreement, if so 
requested by the Issuer, the Administrator shall provide such information 
regarding the performance or servicing of the 2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 
Vehicles as is reasonably required to facilitate preparation of 
distribution reports in accordance with Item 1121 of Regulation AB.   


(b)
Administrator Compliance Statement.  On or before March 1st of each 
calendar year, commencing in 2008, the Administrator shall deliver to the 
Issuer a statement of compliance addressed to the Issuer and signed by an 
authorized officer of the Administrator to the effect that (i) a review of 
the Administrators activities during the immediately preceding calendar 
year (or applicable portion thereof) and of its performance under this 
Agreement during such period has been made under such officers 
supervision, and (ii) to the best of such officers knowledge, based on 
such review, the Administrator has fulfilled all of its obligations under 
this Agreement in all material respects throughout such calendar year (or 
applicable portion thereof) or, if there has been a failure to fulfill any 
such obligation in any material respect, specifically identifying each such 
failure known to such officer and the nature and the status thereof.


(c)
Report on Assessment of Compliance and Attestation.  On or before 90 days 
after the end of each fiscal year, commencing with the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2007, the Administrator shall:


(i)
deliver to the Issuer a report (in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Issuer) regarding the Administrators assessment of 
compliance with the Servicing Criteria during the immediately preceding 
calendar year, as required under Rules 13a-18 and 15d-18 of the Exchange 
Act and Item 1122 of Regulation AB.  Such report shall be addressed to the 
Issuer and signed by an authorized officer of the Administrator, and shall 
address each of the Servicing Criteria specified on a certification 
substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto delivered to the Issuer 
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement;


(ii)
deliver to the Issuer a report of a registered public accounting firm 
reasonably acceptable to the Issuer that attests to, and reports on, the 
assessment of compliance made by the Administrator and delivered pursuant 
to the preceding paragraph.  Such attestation shall be in accordance with 
Rules 1-02(a)(3) and 2-02(g) of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and 
the Exchange Act; and


(iii)
if requested by the Issuer not later than March 1 of the calendar year in 
which such certification is to be delivered, deliver to the Issuer and any 
other Person that will be responsible for signing the certification a 
Sarbanes Certification on behalf of an asset-backed issuer with respect to 
a securitization transaction a certification in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit A.


The Administrator acknowledges that the parties identified in clause 
(c)(iii) above may rely on the certification provided by the Administrator 
pursuant to such clause in signing a Sarbanes Certification and filing such 
with the Commission.  The Issuer will not request delivery of a 
certification under clause (c)(iii) above unless the Depositor is required 
under the Exchange Act to file an annual report on Form 10-K with respect 
to an issuing entity whose asset pool includes the 2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 
Vehicles.


(d)
Intent of the Parties; Reasonableness. The Issuer and the Administrator  
acknowledge and agree that the purpose of Section 1.20 of this Agreement is 
to facilitate compliance by the Issuer with the provisions of Regulation AB 
and related rules and regulations of the Commission.


Neither the Issuer nor the Administrator shall exercise its right to 
request delivery of information or other performance under these provisions 
other than in good faith, or for purposes other than compliance with the 
Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the 
Commission thereunder (or the provision in a private offering of disclosure 
comparable to that required under the Securities Act).  The Administrator 
acknowledges that interpretations of the requirements of Regulation AB may 
change over time, whether due to interpretive guidance provided by the 
Commission or its staff, consensus among participants in the asset-backed 
securities markets, advice of counsel, or otherwise, and agrees to comply 
with requests made by the Indenture Trustee, the Servicer or any other 
party to the Transaction Documents in good faith for delivery of 
information under these provisions on the basis of evolving interpretations 
of Regulation AB.  In connection therewith, the Administrator shall 
cooperate fully with the Issuer to deliver to the Issuer (including any of 
its assignees or designees), any and all statements, reports, 
certifications, records and any other information necessary in the good 
faith determination of the Issuer, to permit the Issuer to comply with the 
provisions of Regulation AB.


The Issuer (including any of its assignees or designees) shall cooperate 
with the Administrator by providing timely notice of requests for 
information under these provisions and by reasonably limiting such requests 
to information required, in the Administrators, on behalf of the Issuer, 
reasonable judgment, to comply with Regulation AB.


1.21.
Nonpetition Covenants.  Notwithstanding any prior termination of this 
Agreement, the Administrator and the Indenture Trustee shall not, prior to 
the date which is one year and one day after the termination of this 
Agreement with respect to the Issuer or the Transferor, acquiesce, petition 
or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuer or the Transferor to invoke the 
process of any court of government authority for the purpose of commencing 
or sustaining a case against the Issuer or the Transferor under any United 
States federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or appointing 
a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other 
similar official of the Issuer or the Transferor or any substantial part of 
its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of 
the Issuer or the Transferor.


[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]





------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.


                                    BMW VEHICLE LEASE TRUST 2007-1,
                                    as Issuer


                                          By:
                                          Wilmington Trust Company,
                                          not in its individual capacity
                                          but solely as
                                          as Owner Trustee






                                          By:
                                                         /s/ James P.
                                          Lawler             
                                          Name:    James P. Lawler
                                          Title:      Vice President






                                          BMW AUTO LEASING LLC,
                                          as Transferor






                                          By:
                                                         /s/ Kerstin Zerbst
                                                          
                                          Name:    Kerstin Zerbst
                                          Title:      Vice
                                          President-Finance






                                          By:
                                                         /s/ Joachim Herr  
                                                         
                                          Name:    Joachim Herr
                                          Title:      Treasurer








------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                          CITIBANK, N.A.






                                          By:
                                                         /s/ Louis
                                          Piscitelli                
                                          Name:    Louis Piscitelli
                                          Title:      Vice President






                                          BMW FINANCIAL SERVICES NA, LLC,
                                          as Administrator






                                          By:
                                                         /s/ Kerstin Zerbst
                                                          
                                          Name:    Kerstin Zerbst
                                          Title:      Vice
                                          President-Finance & CFO






                                          By:
                                                         /s/ Joachim Herr  
                                                         
                                          Name:    Joachim Herr
                                          Title:      Treasurer



