 EX-10.56 6 dex1056.htm AMENDED AND RESTATED CONTRACT
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
Exhibit 10.56


Amended & Restated Contract


Contract No.: GEC/MSA 200701.1
Date of Signature: October 15, 2007


The Contract is made and entered into through friendly negotiation by and 
between


Hoku Materials, Inc. a corporation organized and existing under the laws of 
Delaware (hereinafter referred to as the Purchaser) having its principal 
office at 1 Hoku Way, Pocatello, Idaho, 83204 USA as one party and


MSA Apparatus Construction for Chemical Equipment Ltd., a company organized 
and existing under the laws of the United Kingdom, having its registered 
office at 88a Tooley Street, London Bridge, London, UK, in corporation with 
GEC Graeber Engineering Consultants GmbH Germany a corporation organized 
and existing under the laws of Federal Republic of Germany having its 
registered office at Haydnstrasse 12, 85521 Ottobrunn, Germany, 
(hereinafter collectively referred to as the Supplier) as the other 
party, under the following terms and conditions:


RECITALS


Whereas, the Supplier and the Purchaser are parties to Contract No. 
GEC/MSA200701, dated January 21, 2007 (as amended, restated, supplemented 
or otherwise modified from time to time, the Prior Agreement), by and 
between the Supplier and Hoku Scientific, Inc. (Hoku).


Whereas, on September 6, 2007, all of Hokus rights and obligations under 
the Prior Agreement were assigned by Hoku to (and assumed by) the Purchaser 
pursuant to the terms of that certain Assignment and Assumption Agreement 
(the Assignment and Assumption).


Whereas, the Supplier and the Purchaser desire to amend and restate, in its 
entirety, the Prior Agreement, as hereinafter set forth


AGREEMENT


Now, therefore, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Purchaser and the 
Supplier hereby agree to the following:
 
Chapter 1 	Definitions

In the Contract unless the context otherwise defines, the meanings herein 
assigned to them:
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
1.1 	Equipment means the group of components comprising of the group of 
items listed in the Technical Annexes, and if the Option Price is paid, 
includes the Option Deliverables. These include the following sets:


Set Hydrogen Reduction Reactors [*] (the Reactor Set), comprising of:
  	Ø 	  	

[*]

  	Ø 	  	

[*]

  	Ø 	  	

[*]

  	Ø 	  	

[*]

  	Ø 	  	

[*]


Set Hydrogenation Reactor Set (the Hydrogenation Set), comprising of:
  	Ø 	  	

[*]

  	Ø 	  	

[*]

  	Ø 	  	

[*]

 
1.2 	Contract Price means the sum payable to the Supplier under the 
contract for full and proper performance of its contractual obligations 
(including equipment and technical services) as set forth in Section 3.1.
 
1.3 	Contract Currency means, the currency in which the payment is made 
under the contract. The currency is EURO.
 
1.4 	Attendance of Erection and Commissioning refers to the attendance and 
guidance at the time of equipment erection including placement and to the 
attendance and guidance at the time of the Commissioning Test (meaning the 
mechanical and electrical functionality) of the equipment at the Work Site.
 
1.5 	Reactor Demonstration refers to the erection and demonstration of at 
least one reactor set and at least one hydrogenator set producing at least 
75 Kg of polysilicon from operation.
 
1.6 	Performance Test Runs of the equipment refers to the test conducted at 
the Work Site in order to check the actual performance of the equipment 
meets the performance and product specifications as described in Annex 7.
 
1.7 	Certificate of Commissioning refers to the certificate signed by an 
officer of Purchaser after the successful completion of the Commissioning 
Test for each piece of equipment before start-up.
 
1.8 	Port of Shipment: Hamburg, Germany. Port of Unloading: USA (exact 
location to be determined).
 
1.9 	Work Site refers to Polysilicon Plant build in Pocatello, Idaho, USA.
 
1.10 	Technical Documentation refers to the documentation that includes the 
technical data, specifications, drawings (accord. to ASME requirements),
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
  	

inspection, erection, commissioning, performance testing, operating and 
maintenance of the equipment.


Scope of technical documentation is specified in Annex 5.
 
1.11 	Technical Service means the technical information, provided by the 
Supplier to the Purchaser with respect to EPCM design input and erection, 
commissioning, performance test, instruction for operation and maintenance 
of the equipment. Scope of technical service is defined in Annexes 1, 2, 3, 
4, 5 and 6.
 
1.12 	Warranty Period: The warranty shall remain valid for 18 (eighteen) 
months from the date on which the Certificate of Commissioning for 
equipment had been issued by the purchaser. During warranty period, the 
Supplier guarantees the proper and stable quality of the Equipment and is 
responsible for repair or replacing any defective parts of the Equipment.
 
1.13 	Inspection authorities refers to the local inspection branch of state 
administration for entry-exit located at/ or near the port of unloading 
and/or the work site.
 
1.14 	Option Deliverables has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.1 below.
 
1.15 	Option Price has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.1 below.
 
Chapter 2 	Scope of Contract
 
2.1 	The Purchaser agrees to buy from the Supplier and the Supplier agrees 
to sell to the Purchaser as stipulated under Chapter 1 Equipment Technical 
Documentation and Technical Services including design input with the EPCM, 
verification of design, supervision of erection and commissioning (detailed 
scope of supply and detailed technical conditions as stipulated in the 
Technical Annexes 1 through 7 to this contract).
 
2.2 	The Supplier guarantees the performance of the Equipment at the Work 
Site as specified in Annexes 1 and 7.
 
2.3 	The Supplier agrees to take part in a Reactor Demonstration at the 
earliest possible time at the Work Site. The Purchaser agrees to pay the 
Supplier for the Equipment and Costs needed to conduct the test at that 
time.
 
2.4 	The Supplier shall dispatch experienced and competent persons to the 
Work Site and other locations as needed in order to provide the purchaser 
with Technical Services as specified in Annexes 3-5.
 
2.5 	The Technical Documentation specified in Annexes 2, 4, and 5 will be 
reviewed and approved by the Purchaser. If there are reasonable requests
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
from the Purchaser including clarification or guidance, the Supplier will 
cooperate with the Purchaser in good faith.
 
2.6 	The Purchaser agrees to conduct Performance Tests and prove that the 
Equipment meet and adhere to the parameters specified in Annex 7.
 
2.7 	The Supplier agrees to pay for shipping and insurance of the equipment 
from Ex Works to Hamburg, Germany.
 
2.8 	The Purchaser agrees to pay for shipping and insurance of the 
equipment from Hamburg Germany to the Work Site.
 
Chapter 3 	Price
 
3.1 	The total contract price for the Equipment, Technical Documentation 
and Technical Services under the contract for 2,000 metric tons is 
20,900,000 Euro.
 
3.1.1 	At any time within six (6) months after the date first set forth 
above in this Contract, Purchaser may elect to increase the capacity of the 
Equipment from 2,000 metric tons per year up to 2,500 metric tons per year, 
in which case the additional contract price for the additional Equipment, 
Technical Documentation and Technical Services to achieve up to 2,500 
metric tons per year of production capacity (collectively, the Option 
Deliverables), under the contract shall be up to 6,725,000 Euro (the 
Option Price). The Purchaser may exercise this option by paying to the 
Supplier the Initial Option Price pursuant to Section 4.2.4(A) below.
 
3.1.2 	[Reserved]
 
3.2 	The Contract Price and the Option Price, as specified in Chapter 3.1 
and 3.1.1, respectively, are fixed prices and include all Equipment, 
Technical Documentation and Technical Services provided hereunder.
 
Chapter 4 	Terms of payment
 
4.1 	All payments to be made by the Purchaser to the Supplier shall be 
affected through the Purchaser bank and the Supplier bank in EURO. The 
Purchasers bank and the Supplier bank shall be international A rated 
banks.
 
4.2 	The Supplier acknowledges that it has received payment of 15% of the 
Contract Price (the Initial Payment) to the Supplier, which started the 
equipment delivery process. Estimated delivery time for all the Equipment 
is 18 months for 2,000 metric tons from the date when such Initial Payment 
was received on May 29, 2007. If the Supplier fails to fulfill his contract 
obligations, such documentation shall be released from escrow to Purchaser. 
Payment of the remaining 85% of the contract price shall be paid as 
follows:
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
4.2.1 	Milestone Payments
A. Forty-five percent (45%) of the Contract Price shall be paid in equal 
increments of 1,567,500 EURO (Say: One Million Three Hundred Forty-three 
Thousand Five Hundred Seventy-one EURO) via telegraphic transfer (T/T) on 
the last day of each month (or if such day is not a weekend or holiday, 
then on the next business day) beginning with the first such payment on 
October 31, 2007, and the second such payment on November 30, 2007, until 
an aggregate of 9,405,000 EURO (Say: Nine Million Four Hundred Five 
Thousand EURO) has been paid to the Supplier; provided, however, that prior 
to any such payment being due, the Supplier shall provide the Purchaser 
with a written report describing the progress that is being made in the 
manufacture of the Equipment, and provided, further, that the Supplier 
shall arrange for a monthly inspection by the Purchaser to monitor and 
inspect such progress.


B. Twenty percent (20%) of the Contract Price shall be paid in equal 
increments of 1,045,000 EURO (Say: One Million Forty-five Thousand EURO) 
via telegraphic transfer (T/T) within two (2) weeks after each set of four 
(4) Reactor Sets and related Hydrogenation Sets have been shipped and the 
following documents have been received by the Purchaser:
  	a. 	Three (3) originals and three (3) duplicate copies of clean on board 
ocean bill of lading made out to order, blank endorsed, notifying the 
Purchaser and marked FREIGHT PREPAID.
  	b. 	Five (5) copies of commercial invoice indicating the amount to be 
paid and the itemized price.
  	c. 	One (1) original and five (5) duplicate copies of detailed packing 
list, indicting the shipping weight, number and the date of the 
corresponding invoice.
  	d. 	One (1) original and five (5) duplicate copies of ex-works quality 
certificate, issued by the manufacturer.
  	e. 	Three (3) originals and three (3) copies of Certificate of 
Conformity according TÜV Certificate.
  	f. 	One (1) original and five (5) duplicate copies of certificate of 
origin, issued by relevant authorities of the manufacturers country.
  	g. 	One (1) copy of fax advising the purchaser of the shipment, 
immediately after it is made.
 
4.2.2 	Reactor Demonstration
Within four weeks after the successful completion of the Reactor 
Demonstration, the Purchaser shall effect the payment of ten percent (10%) 
of the contract price by Telegraphic Transfer (T/T).
 
4.2.3 	Retention Money
Within four weeks after the earlier of (i) expiration of the warranty 
period; and (ii) thirty (30) months from the date of delivery as stipulated 
in the contract,
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
the Purchaser shall effect the payment of ten percent (10%) of the Contract 
Price by Telegraphic Transfer (T/T).
 
4.2.4 	Payment of Option Price.
  	A. 	Payment of 15% of the Option Price (the Initial Option Payment) to 
the Supplier will start the delivery process for the Option Deliverables. 
The delivery time for the Option Deliverables is 12 months from the date 
when the Initial Option Payment is received.
 
  	B. 	Forty-five percent (45%) of the Option Price shall be paid in equal 
increments via telegraphic transfer (T/T) on the last day of each month (or 
if such day is not a weekend or holiday, then on the next business day) 
beginning with the first such payment on the last day of the first full 
month after the month in which the Initial Option Payment is made (e.g., if 
the Initial Option Payment is made on October 15, then the next payment 
shall be due on the last day of November), until an aggregate of forty-five 
percent (45%) of the Option Price has been paid to the Supplier; provided, 
however, that prior to any such payment being due, the Supplier shall 
provide the Purchaser with a written report describing the progress that is 
being made in the manufacture of the Option Deliverables, and provided, 
further, that the Supplier shall arrange for a monthly inspection by the 
Purchaser to monitor and inspect such progress.
 
  	C. 	Twenty percent (20%) of the Option Price shall be paid in two equal 
increments of ten percent (10%) each via telegraphic transfer (T/T) within 
two (2) weeks after each set Reactor Set and related Hydrogenation Sets 
have been shipped and the following documents have been received by the 
Purchaser:

a. Three (3) originals and three (3) duplicate copies of clean on board 
ocean bill of lading made out to order, blank endorsed, notifying the 
Purchaser and marked FREIGHT PREPAID.
b. Five (5) copies of commercial invoice indicating the amount to be paid 
and the itemized price.
c. One (1) original and five (5) duplicate copies of detailed packing list, 
indicting the shipping weight, number and the date of the corresponding 
invoice.
d. One (1) original and five (5) duplicate copies of ex-works quality 
certificate, issued by the manufacturer.
e. Three (3) originals and three (3) copies of Certificate of Conformity 
according TÜV Certificate.
f. One (1) original and five (5) duplicate copies of certificate of origin, 
issued by relevant authorities of the manufacturers country.
g. One (1) copy of fax advising the purchaser of the shipment, immediately 
after it is made.
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
  	D. 	Reactor Demonstration. Within four weeks after the successful 
completion of the Reactor Demonstration for the Option Deliverables, the 
Purchaser shall effect the payment of ten percent (10%) of the Option Price 
by Telegraphic Transfer (T/T).
 
  	E. 	Retention Money. Within four weeks after the earlier of (i) 
expiration of the warranty period for the Option Deliverables; and (ii) 
thirty (30) months from the date of delivery as stipulated above, the 
Purchaser shall effect the payment of [ten percent (10%)] of the Option 
Price by Telegraphic Transfer (T/T).
 
4.5 	All payments to Supplier pursuant to this Contract shall be sent via 
Telegraphic Transfer (T/T) to the following account:


[*]
Acct N. [*]
[*]
IBAN: [*]
BIC (SWIFT CODE): [*]
Account Name: [*]
 
Chapter 5 	Delivery
 
5.1 	The Supplier shall complete the delivery of Equipment at Port of 
Hamburg Germany within 18 months after the date the Supplier received the 
Initial Payment.
 
5.1.1 	If the Purchaser elects to increase the capacity of the Equipment 
from 2,000 metric tons per year to 2,500 metric tons per year, the Supplier 
shall complete the delivery of the additional Equipment for the additional 
500 metric tons of capacity at Port of Hamburg, Germany within 12 months 
after receipt of the Initial Option Payment pursuant to Section 4.2.4 
above.
 
5.2 	Not fewer than 14 days before the readiness for the shipment, the 
Supplier shall notify the purchaser by Fax of the following information:
 
  	a) 	Contract Number
  	b) 	Total volume
  	c) 	Total gross weight of packages
  	d) 	Total number of packages
  	e) 	Port of shipment
  	f) 	Name, total gross weight and measurement of each piece exceeding 
nine (9) metric tons in weight or over 3,400 mm in width, or over 2,350 mm 
on both sides in height
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
  	g) 	Name, weight, IMCO No. (as per International Maritime Dangerous 
Goods Code) of the dangerous and/or inflammable goods
 
5.3 	In the meantime the Supplier shall airmail the following documents in 
six (6) copies to the Purchaser:
 
  	a) 	The details list of the shipment, covering contract No., the 
contract equipment , specification, type, quantity, unit/total price, unit 
weight, unit/total volume, the overall dimensions of each package (length x 
width x height), total number of packages
  	b) 	Overall packing sketch for each large piece exceeding nine (9) 
metric tons in weight or over 2,400 mm in width or over 2,350 mm on both 
sides in height
  	c) 	Description of any dangerous and/or inflammable goods indicating 
names, properties, special protective measures and handling methods in case 
of accident
  	d) 	Description of the special precautions for the contract Equipment 
that requires special storage and transportation.
 
5.4 	Unless or otherwise agreed by the Purchaser, shipment on deck or 
transshipment is not acceptable.
 
5.5 	Ten (10) calendar days before the expected departure date of the 
carrying vessel from the port of shipment, the Supplier shall notify the 
Purchaser the nationality of the carrying vessel, estimated date of 
shipment, estimated date of arrival at the port of destination, contract 
No., name of the contract equipment, contract equipment item no., quantity, 
weight and volume and other relevant matters.


Within two (2) days after the loading the equipment, the Supplier shall 
airmail one (1) duplicate copy of the Bill of Lading, signed commercial 
invoice, ex-work quality certificate of origin and packing list to the 
Purchaser.


In case the goods are not insured in time by the purchaser owing to the 
Supplier having failed to give timely advices, any and all consequent 
losses shall be born by the Supplier.
 
5.6 	The third (3) party Ocean Bill of Lading is not acceptable.
 
5.7 	In case the Supplier fails to make complete delivery within 15 months 
from the date of the Initial Payment for 1,500 metric tons per year or 
within the next 3 months after such delivery date for the additional 500 
metric tons per year (if applicable), the Supplier shall pay the liquidated 
damages for late delivery at the following rates:
 
  	a) 	From the first to the fourth week, the liquidated damages shall be 
[*] [*] of the value of the delivered equipment per week
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
  	b) 	From the fifth week on, the liquidated damages shall be [*] [*] of 
the value of the delivered equipment per week
  	c) 	Less than one week shall not be counted as a complete week for 
calculation of the liquidated damages.
  	d) 	The total amount of the liquidated damages shall not exceed [*] [*] 
of the price of the delivered equipment


The payment of liquidated damages shall not release the Supplier from their 
obligation to deliver the delayed equipment.
 
5.8 	In case the equipment is lost or damaged during the ocean 
transportation, the Supplier shall upon the request and on payment of the 
Purchaser, supplementary supply of the same at the original contract price 
and pursuant to the same terms and conditions described herein.
 
Chapter 6 	Packing and Marking
 
6.1 	Unless otherwise specified in the contract, the equipment shall be 
packed by the Supplier in new wooden cases, and all packing expenses shall 
be for the Suppliers account. Necessary measures shall be taken to protect 
the equipment from damages caused by moisture, rain rust, corrosion, shock 
and to ensure the equipment to withstand numerous handling, loading and 
unloading as well as long distance ocean and inland transportation for the 
safe arrival of the equipment at the work-site.
 
6.2 	The loose accessories in package or bundle shall be labeled by the 
Supplier indicating contract No., name of equipment, name of accessories 
and their position number, and accessory number marked on assembly 
drawings. Spare parts and tools shall be marked with the word Spare parts 
or tools besides the above mentioned particular.
 
6.3 	The Supplier shall on four (4) adjacent sides of each package mark 
conspicuous the following information in English with indelible paint:
 
  	a) 	Contract No.:
  	b) 	Shipping mark:
  	c) 	Destination:
  	d) 	Consignee:
  	e) 	Name of contract equipment and item No.:
  	f) 	Case/bale No.:
  	g) 	Gross/net weight
  	h) 	Measurement
 
6.4 	Should the equipment weigh more than 2 metric tons, the weight, 
gravity and hoisting positions shall be marked in English with 
international trade transportation marks on the four adjacent sides on each 
case so as to facilitate unloading and handling.
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
In accordance with different requirements in loading, unloading and 
shipping, the package shall be conspicuously marked with Handle with care, 
right side up, keep dry in English and with appropriate international 
trade marks.
 
6.5 	The following documents shall be enclosed in each package of the 
equipment:
 
  	a) 	Two (2) duplicate copies of detailed packing list
  	b) 	Two (2) duplicate copies of quality certificate
  	c) 	Two duplicate copies of technical documentation for relevant 
contract equipment
 
6.6 	In case of container transportation, the Supplier shall examine the 
condition of the containers, so that only those in good condition shall be 
used for delivery of the equipment.


Sufficient shores or chocks shall be provided in order to prevent the 
equipment from moving inside the containers. The Supplier shall be liable 
for any damage to the equipment thus incurred due to the negligence of the 
Supplier.
 
6.7 	If the equipment is damaged or lost due to improper packing or 
inadequate protective measure, the Supplier shall be responsible for 
repair, replacement or compensation in accordance with the contract. If the 
equipment is mis-transported due to mistake or ambiguousness in package or 
shipping marks, the Supplier shall bear additional expenses thus incurred.
 
6.8 	The Supplier shall use wooden packages free from any insect 
infestation. Should insect infestation be found in quarantine inspection, 
the Supplier shall bear the cost incurred in fumigation or replacement of 
the packages at the port of unloading, and the liquidated damages provision 
of Chapter 5.7 above shall apply to any delay in shipment caused by such 
quarantine inspection.
 
Chapter 7 	Standards and Inspections
 
7.1 	The Supplier shall carry out design and inspection of the equipment 
according to the Technical Annexes.
 
7.2 	The Supplier shall inspect the equipment and issue the ex-works 
quality certificate. All expenses involved shall be for the Suppliers 
account. The ex-works quality certificate shall be submitted to the 
Purchaser.
 
7.3 	The Purchaser will send its inspectors (for one week) to the Supplier 
country to inspect the quality of the equipment together with the Supplier 
inspectors. In addition to Purchasers inspectors, Purchasers lenders and 
shareholders may also send their inspectors. The expenses of sending 
Purchasers
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
inspectors, or the inspectors of Purchasers lenders and shareholders, 
shall be for the Purchasers account.
 
7.4 	The Supplier shall notify the Purchaser of the inspection date four 
(4) weeks in advance. The letter of invitation shall be submitted by the 
Supplier.
 
7.5 	The equipment shall be examined in the presence of the Purchasers 
inspectors and both parties shall sign an inspection certificate, 
provided however, that if Purchasers inspectors do not attend the 
inspection after notice having been duly provided pursuant to 7.4, then it 
shall be deemed signed by Purchaser. Purchasers inspector may not refuse 
to sign the inspection certificate if the equipment is in conformity with 
the Technical Annexes, as determined by TÜV. Afterwards the equipment shall 
be shipped.
 
7.6 	In addition to the foregoing, Purchaser, its authorized 
representatives and its lenders, shareholders and their respective 
authorized representatives, may inspect the equipment at any time prior to 
shipment. The expenses of any such inspection shall be for the Purchasers 
account.
 
7.7 	The Supplier shall take into consideration the opinions of the 
Purchasers inspectors and shall take necessary measures to eliminate the 
defect or discrepancy, if any, for its own account.
 
7.8 	The pre-delivery inspection shall not be a substitute for the 
inspection of the equipment at the port of unloading or the work site of 
the Purchaser and shall not release the Supplier from its guarantee 
obligations as further specified in the contract.
 
7.9 	The open package inspection on the equipment shall be performed by the 
inspection authorities at the work site of the Purchaser.
 
7.10 	In case of container transportation the opening and return of the 
containers shall not be regarded as open-package inspection.
 
7.11 	Should the equipment be found defective before the expiration of 
warranty period for any reason, including but not limited to latent defect 
or the use of unsuitable materials the Purchaser has the right to apply to 
the inspection authorities for inspection and lodge claims against the 
Supplier on the strength of the inspection certificate.
 
7.12 	The technical documentation will be carried out in English.
 
Chapter 8 	Attendance of Erection and Commissioning and Performance Test
 
8.1 	Erection and commissioning of the equipment shall be carried out by 
the Purchaser under the supervision of the Supplier. The Supplier shall 
provide
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
technical instruction for the Purchaser as well. The scope of the technical 
services is specified in Technical Annexes. The price for attendance of 
erection shall be for the Supplier account. The price for attendance of 
commissioning by the Suppliers experts shall be for the Supplier account.
 
8.2 	The Purchaser and Supplier shall carry out the Commissioning Test to 
check the mechanical and electrical operation of the equipment. In case all 
the requirements specified in the Technical Annexes have been fulfilled, a 
test certificate for the equipment shall be signed by the two parties on 
the date when the test is successfully done.
 
8.3 	The Reactor Demonstration, Performance Test Run and Commissioning Test 
Certificate of the equipment shall not release the Supplier from his 
warranty for the equipment.
 
Chapter 9 	Warranty
 
9.1 	The Supplier guarantees that the contract equipment shall be 
completely brand new and complies in materials, workmanship in all respects 
with the quality and specifications stipulated in this contract.
 
9.2 	The Supplier guarantees that the use of contract equipment is free of 
any infringement claim raised by a third party. In case the Purchaser is 
accused of illegal exploitation or infringement of any know-how and/or 
patent and/or other intellectual property rights arising from the use of 
contract equipment, the Purchaser shall give the Supplier a notice and the 
Supplier shall take up the matter with third party at its own cost in the 
Purchasers name and with Purchasers assistance and indemnify the Purchaser 
for any cost, compensations or damages arising there from. In no event 
shall Supplier settle or compromise any third party claim without the prior 
written consent of Purchaser.
 
9.3 	The Supplier guarantees that the technical documentation shall be 
complete, clear and correct so as to meet the requirements of design, 
inspection, erection, commissioning, performance test, operation and 
maintenance of the equipment.
 
9.4 	The Supplier guarantees that qualified technical persons shall be 
dispatched within [*] hours after notification from the Purchaser and 
confirmation from the Supplier of an equipment defect to provide 
professional and technical service. If the Supplier does not arrive at the 
Purchasers facility within [*] hours after confirmation from the Supplier 
of such a notification, then the Supplier shall pay the Purchaser [*] per 
day for each day that the equipment is not operational due to the defect.
 
9.5 	Within the Warranty Period, in case of any defects caused by the 
reasons of inferior quality, bad workmanship and use of inferior materials, 
the Supplier
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
shall dispatch engineers to the Purchaser site and remove the said 
defection at the Suppliers expenses.
 
9.6 	Should the defection be due to the fact that the goods were delivered 
not in accordance with the attached technical specifications the Supplier 
shall be liable to repair at Suppliers cost and/or devalue the defected 
goods.
 
9.7 	The Supplier represents and warrants that the Supplier is not subject 
to any contract or duty that would be breached by the Supplier entering 
into or performing the Suppliers obligations under this contract or that 
is otherwise inconsistent with this contract. Supplier will not disclose to 
Purchaser, will not bring into Purchasers facilities, including the Work 
Site, and will not induce Purchaser to use any confidential or proprietary 
information of any third party.
 
Chapter 10 	Confidentiality

Either party shall keep confidential the trade secrets that may be obtained 
during the course of performing the contract. After signing the contract 
and defining technical specifications, the Supplier shall not disclose 
information out of the said. Either party shall not make use of or disclose 
confidential information without prior written consent of the other party. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchaser may disclose the material 
terms of this agreement, including the aggregate contract amount, and may 
provide a copy of this agreement to the public, if the Purchasers 
attorneys determine that it is required to do so pursuant to applicable 
public company disclosure laws or regulations. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts to 
redact all of the Suppliers trade secrets from any such public disclosure 
or filing.
 
Chapter 11 	Claim
 
11.1 	In case the Supplier fails to perform any of its obligations under 
the contract during the design, manufacture, inspection, erection, 
Performance Test Run, Reactor Demonstration, Commissioning Test and 
Warranty Period the Purchaser shall have the right to lodge claims against 
the Supplier for the following remedy:


Repair the defective equipment at the Suppliers expenses. In case the 
Supplier fails to dispatch his personnel to the work site, the purchaser 
has the right to eliminate the defects by itself for the Suppliers 
account.
 
11.2 	The claim notice shall be effective if it is issued not later than 
thirty (30) days from the expiration of the warranty period.
 
11.3 	In case the Supplier fails to reply within fourteen (14) days upon 
the receipt of the Purchasers claim, the claim shall be regarded as been 
accepted by the Supplier.
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
11.4 	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this contract, Suppliers 
maximum liability to the Purchaser shall not exceed amounts paid to 
Purchaser plus liquidated damages assessed pursuant to this contract.
 
11.5 	UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER 
PARTY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES; INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR LOST 
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY. EACH PARTY MAY ONLY CLAIM ITS ACTUAL DAMAGES PLUS ANY 
LIQUIDATED DAMAGES PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT.
 
Chapter 12 	Cancellation
 
12.1 	The Purchaser may, without prejudice to any other remedy for the 
Suppliers following breach of contract, by written notice send to the 
Supplier, cancel the contract in whole or in part if the Supplier fails to 
deliver the equipment within 140 days after the scheduled delivery time. 
Upon such cancellation, Supplier shall refund to Purchaser all amounts 
already paid to Supplier.
 
12.2 	If at any time prior to shipment of the Equipment, the Purchaser has 
a justifiable reason to believe that the Supplier will be more than 140 
days late in the delivery of the equipment, the Purchaser may immediately 
cancel this agreement and shall be entitled to the maximum amount of 
liquidated damages payable pursuant to Section 5.7 above. Upon such 
cancellation, and after payment in full to the Purchaser of the amounts 
already paid to the supplier and liquidated damages, neither party shall 
have any further obligation or liability to the other party.
 
12.3 	Either party may cancel the contract at any time, by giving written 
notice to the other party in case the other party becomes bankrupt or 
insolvent. Such cancellation shall not prejudice or affect any other 
available remedy.
 
12.4 	If the Purchaser fails to effect the payments according to Chapter 4 
of this contract, after receipt of written notice from the Supplier, and 30 
days to cure the payment default, the Supplier is entitled to cancel the 
contract, by giving written notice to the other Party.
 
12.5 	[Reserved]
 
12.6 	[Reserved]
 
12.7 	The following Chapters of this Agreement shall survive the 
cancellation or expiration of this Agreement: Chapter 1 (Definitions); 
Chapter 9 (Warranty); Chapter 10 (Confidentiality); Chapter 11 (Claim); 
Chapter 15 (Arbitration); Chapter 16 (Construction of Contract); and 
Chapter 17 (Effectiveness and Miscellaneous).
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
Chapter 13 	Force Majeure
 
13.1 	Should either party be prevented from performing any of its 
obligations under the contract due to event of Force Majeure such as war, 
serious fire, typhoon, earthquake, flood and any other events which could 
not be expected, avoided and overcome, the affected party shall notify the 
other party of its occurrence by fax and send by registered air mail a 
certificate issued by competent authorities confirming the event of the 
Force Majeure within fourteen (14) days following its occurrence. In 
Germany, the competent authority for issuing the certificate is The 
Ministry of Internal Affairs of Germany.
 
13.2 	The affected party shall not be liable for any delay or failure in 
performing any or all of its obligations due to the event of Force Majeure. 
However, the affected party shall inform the other party by fax the 
termination or elimination of the event of Force Majeure as soon as 
possible.
 
13.3 	Both parties shall proceed with their obligations immediately upon 
the cease of the event of Force Majeure or removal of all the effects. The 
term of the contract shall be extended correspondingly.
 
Chapter 14 	Taxes and Duties
 
14.1 	All taxes and duties in connection with and in the performance of the 
contract levied by the United States government on the Purchaser in 
accordance with the tax laws of the United States shall be borne by the 
Purchaser.
 
14.2 	All taxes and duties levied by the German government on the Supplier, 
in connection with and in the performance of the contract, according to 
German tax laws and the agreement between the government of the United 
States and the government of Germany for the reciprocal avoidance of double 
taxation and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on 
income, shall be borne by the Supplier.
 
14.3 	All taxes and duties arising within Germany in connection with and in 
performance with the contract shall be borne by the Supplier.
 
Chapter 15 	Arbitration
 
15.1 	Any dispute arising from or in connection with this contract shall be 
submitted to International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for 
arbitration. The location of arbitration shall be London, England. The 
substantive law to be applied in any such arbitration shall be English 
common law.
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
15.2 	Notwithstanding any reference to arbitration, both parties shall 
continue to perform their respective obligations under the contract unless 
otherwise agreed.
 
Chapter 16 	Construction of Contract
 
16.1 	The construction, validity, interpretation, performance, 
implementation and all matters relating to this contract and any amendment 
thereto shall be governed by the United Nation Convention for International 
Sales of goods.
 
Chapter 17 	Effectiveness and Miscellaneous
 
17.1 	After contract is signed by the authorized representatives, each 
party shall apply to its respective representatives of their companies for 
ratification, if required to do so.
 
17.2 	Each party shall power a person (s) for signature of contractual 
documents. For MSA/GEC Manfred Schirsner and Heinz Graeber are powered and 
required to sign. For Hoku Scientific Dustin Shindo and Darryl Nakamoto are 
powered to sign.
 
17.3 	The contract becomes effective upon signing.
 
17.4 	After the fulfillment of the contract, the contract will remain valid 
beyond one (1) month after the expiry date of the warranty period. Any 
unsettled credit and debt under the contract shall not be affected by the 
expiration of the contract. The debtor shall effect its obligation of 
reimbursement to the creditor.
 
17.5 	The contract is made in English. The contract is in four (4) 
originals, two (2) for the Purchaser and two (2) for the Supplier.
 
17.6 	Annexes to the contract are integral parts to the contract and have 
the same legal force as the text of the contract itself.
 
17.7 	All amendments, supplements and alternations to the terms and 
conditions of the contract shall be made in written form and signed by the 
authorized representatives according to paragraph 17.2. These documents 
shall be integral parts of the contract.
 
17.8 	This contract may be assigned in its entirety by the Purchaser to any 
third party that is not a direct competitor of the Supplier upon written 
notice to the Supplier, and provided that any such assignee agrees to be 
bound to the terms hereof. No assignment of any right or obligation under 
the contract shall be made by the Supplier to a third party without prior 
written consent of the Purchaser.
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
17.9 	The communication between the two parties shall be conducted in 
written form. Faxes concerning important matters shall be confirmed in due 
time by express mail.


Purchaser: Hoku Materials, Inc.
Attention: Karl M. Taft III
Address: One Hoku Way, Pocatello, Idaho USA
Post Code: 83204
Telephone: +1-808-682-7800
Fax: +1-808-682-7807
E-mail: [*]


Seller: Apparatus Construction for Chemical Equipment Ltd. and GEC Graeber 
Engineering Consultants GmbH


Attention: Heinz Graeber
Address: Haydn-Strasse 12, 85521 Ottobrunn, Germany
Telephone: [*]
Fax: [*]
E-mail: [*]
 
17.10 	The Supplier hereby acknowledges and consents to the Assignment and 
Assumption.
 
17.11. 	This Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the 
Purchaser and the Supplier and supersedes all prior proposal(s) and 
discussions, relative to the subject matter of this Contract and neither of 
the Parties shall be bound by any conditions, definitions, warranties, 
understandings or representations with respect to such subject matter other 
than as expressly provided herein or in the Technical Annexes. No oral 
explanation or oral information by either party hereto shall alter the 
meaning or interpretation of this Contract.
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
Authorized Signature:
 
Buyer: 	   	Hoku Materials, Inc.
Address: 	   	
One Hoku Way
Pocatello, Idaho 83204 USA
Telephone: 	   	+1-808-682-7800
Fax: 	   	+1-808-682-7807
E-mail: 	   	[*]
 
  	 	  	
/s/ Dustin M. Shindo 	  	 	  	/s/ Darryl Nakamoto
Dustin M. Shindo
Chairman & CEO
  	 	  	
Darryl Nakamoto
Chief Financial Officer


Signing Date:
 
  	 	  	
Supplier: 	   	
MSA Apparatus Construction
for Chemical Equipment Ltd.
  	 	  	 	  	
GEC
Graeber Engineering Consultants
GmbH
Address: 	   	Isartalstrasse 50 	  	 	  	 	  	Haydn-Strasse 12
Post Code: 	   	82008 Unterhaching 	  	 	  	 	  	85521 Ottobrunn, Germany
Telephone: 	   	[*] 	  	 	  	 	  	[*]
Fax: 	   	[*] 	  	 	  	 	  	[*]
E-mail: 	   	[*] 	  	 	  	 	  	[*]
 
  	 	  	
/s/ Manfred Schirsner 	  	 	  	/s/ Heinz Graeber
Manfred Schirsner
Signing Date:
  	 	  	Heinz Graeber
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
Amended & Restated Technical Annexes for Purchasing Contract


between Hoku Materials, Inc. and MSA/GEC


Contract No. GEC/MSA 200701.1
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
Index


Annex 1: Technical Specifications

Annex 2: Design Interface

Annex 3: Scope of Supply

Annex 4: Technical Documents

Annex 5: Technical Service and Design Liaison meeting

Annex 6: Quality Control

Annex 7: Performance Data and Guarantee Value
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
Annex 1: Technical Specifications
 
1.1 	General
 
1.1.1 	This contract is used for purchasing equipments for 2,000 metric 
tons/year production Polysilicon. In accordance with the terms of the 
contract, this appendix may be updated to provide for total production 
capacity of 2,500 metric tons per year of Polysilicon. It defines 
specifications of design, structure, performance, installation and tests of 
the equipments etc.
 
1.1.2 	Purchaser means Hoku Materials, Inc.
     	Supplier means MSA/GEC.
 
1.1.3 	Purchaser specializes the technical demands in the contract. 
Supplier shall provide a complete set of services and technology to meet 
the demands of Purchaser. Technical specifications of equipment provided by 
Supplier should be in accordance with demands in this contract.
 
1.1.4 	If contradictory or inconsistence happens in carrying out the 
contract, both parties should execute the highest rules in the relative 
standards or the standards agreed by both parties
 
1.1.5 	If Supplier agrees with all the terms of the contract, the 
equipments provided by Supplier should completely conform to the technical 
agreements and the standards specified in the contract.
 
1.1.6 	The Equipment Specification shall be ASME, unless otherwise 
specified by Purchaser within two weeks after contract signing.
 
1.1.7 	Both parties will continue the discussions about the unclear issues 
in design liaison meetings.
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
1.2 	Project Overall
 
1.2.1 	Location

The factory for the production of Polysilicon is located in Pocatello, 
Idaho, United States.
 
1.2.2 	Scale

The first target for the Polysilicon Project is to build a factory with the 
annual through -put of 2,000 metric tons per year of polysilicon with solar 
grade or electronic grade. The Purchaser may elect to increase the capacity 
to 2,500 metric tons per year in accordance with the terms of the contract. 
The plant annual operation is continuous except the scheduled maintenance 
and others unforeseen. The global efficiency is expected at [*] of the 
operation hours [*]
 
1.3 	Application of Equipment

Purchaser will purchase equipments from Supplier for utilizing 
trichlorosilane (TCS) to produce polysilicon and converting silicon 
tetrachloride (STC) to TCS. The products will be used in solar industry and 
electronic industry.
 
1.4 	Equipment Description

Equipments consist of Deposition-Reactor Set and Hydrogenation-Reactors Set 
and Necessary Accessories.


Deposition-Reactors Set and its accessories include:
 
  	 	  	

[*]

 
  	 	  	

[*]

 
  	 	  	

[*]

 
  	 	  	

[*]

 
  	 	  	

[*]

 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
  	 	  	

[*]


Hydrogenation-Reactors Set and its accessories include:
 
  	 	  	

[*]

 
  	 	  	

[*]

 
  	 	  	

[*]


Necessary Accessories include:
 
  	 	  	

Spare parts

 
  	 	  	

Special tools

 
  	 	  	

Others

 
1.5 	Descriptions and Specifications of Equipments
 
1.5.1 	Deposition-Reactors
 
1.5.1.1 	System Description

[*]


For solar grade:
 
Capacity 	   	

 Number of Filament Doubles

   	[*]

 Lengths of Filament Doubles

   	[*]

 Deposition rate Average (diameter)

   	[*]

 Deposition diameter approx.

   	[*]

 Cycle of 1 operation

   	[*]

 Loading time

   	[*]

 Unloading time

   	[*]

 Deposition time

   	[*]

 Operating time

   	[*]

 Operating cycles

   	[*]

 Up-time

   	[*]

 Polysilicon per cycle (100 mm)

   	[*]

 Polysilicon per year per Reactor min.

   	[*]
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 

 Polysilicon per cycle (150 mm)

   	[*]

 Polysilicon per year per Reactor max.

   	[*]

 For electronic grade:

   	
Capacity 	   	

 Number of Filament Doubles

   	

 [*]

 Lengths of Filament Doubles

   	[*]

 Deposition rate Average (diameter)

   	[*]

 Deposition diameter approx.

   	[*]

 Cycle of 1 operation

   	[*]

 Loading time

   	[*]

 Unloading time

   	[*]

 Deposition time

   	[*]

 Operating time

   	[*]

 Operating cycles

   	[*]

 Up-time

   	[*]

 Polysilicon per cycle (100 mm)

   	[*]

 Polysilicon per year per Reactor min.

   	[*]

 Polysilicon per cycle (150 mm)

   	[*]

 Polysilicon per year per Reactor max.

   	[*]


The conditions to achieve above mentioned production capacities are:
 
  	 	  	

[*]

 
  	 	  	

[*]

 
  	 	  	

[*]

 
  	 	  	

[*]

 
  	 	  	

[*]


Reactor Dimensions (for both Solar and Electronic Grade)
 

 Diameter outside Reactor Cylinder

   	[*]

 Diameter outside Cooling cabinet

   	[*]
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 

 Height including top-flange

   	

 [*]

 Material of Reactor-body

   	[*]

 Material cooling case

   	[*]
Design Data 	   	

 Design interior pressure

   	[*]

 Design interior wall temperature

   	[*]

 Design pressure in the cooling cabinet

   	[*]

 Design temp. in the cooling cabinet

   	[*]

 Design, calculation and testing accord. to

   	[*]
Numbers of power supply connections 	   	[*]

 Numbers of Material-gas inlet jets

   	[*]

 Numbers of show glasses

   	[*]

 Weight approx.

   	[*]

 Volume approx.

   	[*]

 Volume of cooling cabinet cylinder

   	[*]


1.5.1.2 [*]

[*]


[*]


1.5.1.3 [*]

[*]


1.5.1.4 [*]

[*]


1.5.1.5 [*]

[*]
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
1.5.1.6 [*]


[*]


1.5.1.7 [*]


[*]


1.5.1.8 [*]


[*]


1.5.1.9 [*]


[*]


1.5.1.10 [*]


[*]


1.5.2 [*]


1.5.2.1 [*]

[*]


[*]


[*]


[*]


1.5.2.2 [*]

[*]                                                                         
          [*]

[*]                                                                         
         [*]

[*]                                                                         
         [*]


[*]
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
1.5.3 [*]


1.5.3.1 [*]


[*]
 

1.5.3.2 [*]
  	 	  	

[*]

 
  	 	  	

[*]


1.5.3.3 [*]


[*]                                                                         
                                  [*]


[*]                                                                         
                                  [*]


[*]                                                                         
                                  [*]


[*]                                                                         
                                  [*]


[*]                                                                         
                                  [*]


[*]                                                                         
                                  [*]


[*]                                                                         
                                  [*]


1.5.4 [*]


1.5.4.1 [*]


[*]


1.5.4.2 [*]


1.5.5 [*]


1.5.4.1 [*]


[*]


[*]
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
1.5.5.2 [*]


1.5.5.3 [*]


[*]


1.5.6 [*]


1.5.6.1 [*]


[*]


[*]


1.5.7 [*]


1.5.7.1 [*]


[*]


[*]


[*]


1.5.8 [*]


1.5.8.1 [*]


[*]


1.5.9 [*]


1.5.9.1 [*]


[*]


[*]
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
[*]


[*]


1.6 [*]

[*]


1. 7 [*]

[*]
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
Annex 2: Design Interface and Deliverables
 
2.1 	Process

Supplier will provide the following documents:
 
2.1.1 	Equipment specification, design capacity (including normal and max 
capacity) and operating period, construction material etc.
 
2.1.2 	Equipment weight, operation loads, test loads and the max weight of 
single-parts.
 
2.1.3 	Operating temperature, operating pressure, design temperature and 
design pressure.
 
2.1.4 	Equipment power consumption, electric specification and blast 
section.
 
2.1.5 	The nozzle specification of the equipment, the nozzle position and 
flow specification (including flux, composition, temperature, pressure, 
etc).
 
2.1.6 	Chemical reaction details in the equipment.
 
2.1.7 	Material balance, material balance requirements and heat balance of 
the equipment.
 
2.1.8 	Anti-corrosive requirements and heat insulation requirements.
 
2.1.9 	Equipment operating manuals (including safety manual, testing 
manuals, etc.).


2.2 Instruments
 
2.2.1 	All of instruments (hardware and software) for equipments will be 
supplied by Supplier.
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
2.2.2 	Supplier will provide proposal layout of the local panel.
 
2.2.3 	Supplier shall supply these documents and Drawings as following:
 
     	Field Instruments Specifications (including operation condition, 
instrument type, measuring range¨explosion proof class¨instrument material) 
I/O cards and Interface to the PCS system.
 
2.3 	Electrical
 
2.3.1 	Supplier will provide electrical parameters about radiation heating 
rods: voltage and current.
 
2.3.2 	Supplier will provide the installation drawings defining insulation 
joining of electrodes.
 
2.3.3 	Supplier will provide the specification of external power 
connections.
 
2.3.4 	Supplier will provide specification of electrode (including voltage, 
current etc.)
 
2.3.5 	Supplier is engaged to provide the necessary information to power 
supply systems company to perform the designing and manufacturing the power 
supply system suitable for the operation of reactors
 
2.3.6 	Supplier will assist the Purchaser in negotiating with power supply 
systems companies for power supply systems about other necessary interface 
issues.
 
2.4 	Piping
 
2.4.1 	Supplier will provide Equipment Assemble Drawing, show Nozzle 
Orientation, dimension of Equipment Center to Flange Face, Nozzle 
Elevation.
 
2.4.2 	Supplier will provide Equipment Nozzle Size, Pressure, Flange joint 
Form, Standard and Nozzle Name.
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
2.4.3 	Supplier will provide Equipment Weight, Operating Weight, Test 
Weight and Hoisting Machinery Weight.
 
2.4.5 	Supplier will provide Specification for Maintenance and Setting.
 
2.4.6 	Supplier will provide Torsion of Foundation Bolt and Permissibility 
Stress of Equipment Nozzle.
 
2.4.7 	Supplier will provide Specification for Equipment Insulation and 
Fixing (Including Insulation Materials).
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
Annex 3: Scope of Supply
 
3.1 	General
 
3.1.1 	Annex 3 has stipulated the scope of supply, the Supplier guarantees 
to provide brand-new, advanced, mature, and quality reliable equipments.
 
3.1.2 	Supplier will provide a detailed list of equipments and accessories. 
The detailed list stipulates type, quantity, manufacturer etc. Supplier 
should provide the necessary parts for installation, testing and 
commissioning, even not stipulated in the contact.
 
3.1.3 	The Supplier will provide a detailed list of the special tools and 
the consumption materials which will be used in installation.
 
3.2 	Scope of Supply
 
3.2.1 	Complete scope of supply for 2,000 metric tons per year consists of 
Deposition Reactor set, comprising:
 

 [*]

   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*]
 
     	Hydrogenation Reactor set, comprising:
 

 [*]

   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*]


Complete scope of supply for 2,500 metric tons consists of Deposition 
Reactor set, comprising:
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 

 [*]

   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*]


Hydrogenation Reactor set, comprising:
 

 [*]

   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*]


Supplier will provide detailed information of all equipments, including 
manufacturer for main parts, manufacture area, material, approx. weight 
etc. within [*] months after receipt of the Initial Payment. Supplier can 
also, at its own discretion, provide the Purchaser with this material 
before this date.
 
3.2.2 	Origin of the products

The origin of all the products above is from Germany.
 
3.2.3 	Transportation

The covers will be used for openings during transportation. These will be 
provided by Supplier.
 
3.2.4 	Spare Parts

Each reactor or converter should be equipped with one complete set of the 
following spare parts:
 

 ·    [*]

   	[*]

 ·    [*]

   	[*]

 ·    [*]

   	[*]

 ·    [*]

   	[*]
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 

 ·    [*]

   	[*]

 ·    [*]

   	[*]

 ·    [*]

   	[*]

 ·    [*]

   	[*]

 ·    [*]

   	[*]

 ·    [*]

   	[*]

 ·    [*]

   	[*]

 ·    [*]

   	[*]


The spare parts mentioned above will be provided by Supplier and are only 
for testing and commissioning. The Supplier will provide the detailed 
information about the spare parts, such as vendors, types, and estimated 
price in the first design meeting.


The Supplier will provide a purchasing list of the Spare Parts for 1 year 
of normal operation three months before delivery of the Equipment. The list 
should comprise spare parts and consumption parts, the vendors, types, 
estimated price etc.


The Supplier will also provide a purchasing list to the Purchaser of the 
anticipated parts after 10 years of operation and an estimated cost for 
these parts.
 
3.2 	.5 Special tools

[*]
 
3.3 	Test Reactor

[*]


3.4 Other

Other deliverables from the Supplier not mentioned in Annex 3 are still the 
responsibility of the Supplier as stipulated in Contract # GEC/MSA 200701.1 
and the other Annex sections in this document.
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
Annex 	4: Technical Documents

4.1 General
 
4.1.1 	The documents provided by Supplier will use metric system. The 
language is English. If other units are required this will be discussed at 
the first design meeting.
 
4.1.2 	The documents provided by Supplier should be prompt, complete and 
meet the project progress.
 
4.1.3 	For some other documents not stipulated in the contract but is 
actually the necessities for the project, Supplier should provide free of 
charge.
 
4.1.4 	Supplier will provide related documents describing the requirements 
for the building constructions. The documents about the Crane, loading and 
unloading requirements will be provided by Supplier.
 
4.1.5 	Supplier will provide the documents to identify the possible 
supplier for the production of filaments, equipment to unload the rods, 
reactor cleaning and polysilicon processing.
 
4.1.6 	All the documents will be prepared by either Auto-CAD (*.dxf and 
*.dwg) or Acrobat (*.pdf).
 
4.1.7 	All the documents will be provided in five hard copies and two 
electronic versions


4.2 Document lists
 
     	Supplier will provide documents related to the deposition reactors 
and the hydrogenation converters and the accessories as followings:
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
1) 	Technical documentation to the equipment and its operation
 
2) 	System description including working principle, technological process, 
control parameters, main equipment description, and utility supply 
requirements.
 
3) 	PFD for Equipment
 
4) 	Rated consumption of specifications of utilities
 
5) 	Equipment table
 
6) 	Equipment layout
 
7) 	Foundation load chart (device load, including net weight, operation 
weight, maintenance weight and civil engineering conditions drawing)
 
8) 	Anchor bolt chart
 
9) 	Material supply data sheet or curve at different period of time, as 
reference values
 
10) 	Installation, operation, and maintenance manuals
 
11) 	Special tools list for Equipment
 
12) 	Pipe naming table for Equipment
 
13) 	Pipe layout plan
 
14) 	Pipe materials grade table for Reactor
 
15) 	Heat insulation table of equipment and pipe
 
16) 	Layout plan of connecting points
 
17) 	General drawing of equipment
 
18) 	Final as-built manufacturing drawing of the whole equipment set
 
19) 	Assembly drawing of equipment
 
20) 	Equipment accessories drawing
 
21) 	Orientation diagram of equipment orifices (the Supplier shall provide 
requirement of orientation diagram of equipment orifices; the Purchaser 
will propose revision advices. Final orientation diagram of equipment 
orifices shall be provided by the Supplier after confirmation by both 
parties)
 
22) 	Drawing and list of weary parts (replacement cycle)
 
23) 	Equipment materials quality certificates
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
  	24) 	Product quality certificate
 
  	25) 	Safety and Quality certificate of pressure vessels
 
  	26) 	Lifetime of equipment (indicating main equipment separately)
 
  	28) 	Drawings for the special spare parts.
 
  	29) 	List for the standard spare parts.
 
  	30) 	Packing list
 
  	31) 	All the documents mentioned in this document, including the ones 
mentioned in Annex 3


4.3 Document Delivery Schedule

[*]


Annex 5: Technical Service ad Design Meeting

5.1 General
 
     	The supplier will provide the necessary documents for equipment 
installation, commissioning, performance test, operation and maintenance 
etc. Supplier will assist the Purchaser to solve problems during testing 
and commissioning by the Purchasers requests.


5.1 Factory Acceptance test (FAT)
 
     	A month before delivery of each deposition and hydrogenation reactor 
set, Supplier should inform Purchaser to do factory acceptance test. 
Several FAT checks will be available by Purchasers requests but not exceed 
more than four.
 
     	Acceptance test cost will be paid by Supplier. Purchaser pays for 
their own cost of traveling, boarding and lodging, and Supplier provides 
convenience. Supplier should inform Purchaser in written form 4 weeks 
before test. If Purchaser does not attend, Supplier may complete the 
acceptance test without Purchaser. Supplier has the right to do acceptance 
tests and arrange the equipment delivery according to the delivery 
schedule. The FAT results will not be exempt from the Suppliers 
responsibilities.
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
5.2 	Site opening package inspection
 
     	Supplier will send staffs to the site to attend site open package 
inspection to check the number, appearance, damages etc. together with 
Suppliers inspectors. Purchaser should inform Supplier 2 weeks before 
package opening inspection. Suppliers inspectors pay for their own cost 
and Purchaser provides convenience.
 
5.3 	Installation supervision
 
     	Purchaser should inform Supplier 2 weeks before installations. Then 
Supplier will send experts to the site for installation supervision. 
Supplier pays for their own cost, and Purchaser provides convenience.
 
5.4 	Testing and Commissioning
 
     	Purchaser should inform Supplier 2 weeks before commissioning. 
Supplier will send experts to the site for guidance. Supplier pays for 
their own cost, and Purchaser provides convenience. The complete 
supervision on site provided by Supplier starts from the first received 
products and ends by last products commissioning. The duration will last 
approximately 6 months, provided that Supplier is not expected to be 
on-site for a continuous 6 months period.
 
5.5 	Start-up and Reactor Demonstration
 
     	Purchaser should inform Supplier 2 weeks before start-up and two 
weeks before Reactor Demonstration. Supplier will send experts to the site 
to guide start-up and Reactor Demonstration. Supplier pays for their own 
cost and Purchaser provides convenience. This service is included in 6 
months period, provided that Supplier is not expected to be on-site for a 
continuous 6 months period.
 
5.6 	Performance Test
 
     	After testing, commissioning and reactor demonstration are finished, 
Supplier will send relative experts to the site to do performance test. 
Supplier experts shall carry on performance test until it is completely 
successful and accepted by
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
  	

Purchaser. Supplier pays for their own cost and Purchaser provides 
convenience. The performance tests will be done twice and in accordance 
with Annex 7.

 
5.7 	Training
 
     	Supplier shall carry training on Purchasers staffs in technology, 
operation and maintenance etc. The draft training plan is prepared as 
following:
 
     	At the Purchasers site. Supplier will train Purchaser staffs about 
installation, maintenance, operation, start-up, testing and commissioning 
etc. The training duration will be approximate 2 weeks. The actual training 
schedule will be agreed during the first design meeting.
 
     	Supplier pays for their own cost, and Purchaser provides convenience.
 
5.8 	Changing Damaged parts
 
     	Within the guarantee period, in case of any defects caused by the 
reason of inferior quality, or due to the Suppliers faults, the Supplier 
shall dispatch engineers to Purchaser site to solve the defects at the 
Suppliers expenses. Supplier pays for their own cost, and Purchaser 
provides convenience.
 
5.9 	Technical Service requirements
 
5.9.1 	The Supplier representatives at the Work Site must:
 
  	 	  	

Obey the law, rules and regulations at the Work Site

 
  	 	  	

Have the higher responsibilities and the dedication to work. Arrives on 
time

 
  	 	  	

Be familiar with its structure of its Equipment, and have the similar work 
experience, and can carry on on-site supervisions correctly;

 
  	 	  	

Be strong enough to adapt to site work conditions.

 
5.9.2 	Suppliers responsibility
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
     	The responsibilities of Supplier at the Work Site are package opening 
and examination, dealing with quality problems, installation and 
supervision, commissioning supervision, reactor demonstration and 
performance test.
 
     	Before installation and testing and commissioning, experts from both 
parties shall discuss the relative procedures. Both parties shall confirm 
the important issues.
 
     	If issues arise that are the Suppliers responsibilities, the 
Supplier representatives shall deal with them in a timely manner as defined 
by the Purchaser. If Supplier authorizes Purchaser to solve the problems 
due to Suppliers mistakes, Supplier will provide the guarantee letter and 
undertake all the expenses. Supplier is responsible for all actions carried 
by its representatives. Purchaser should be informed and confirmed if the 
Supplier representatives wish to leave the Work Site.
 
5.9.3 	Purchaser Responsibility
 
     	Purchaser will provide convenience for Suppliers Representatives at 
the Work Site.
 
5.10 	Design meeting
 
5.10.1 	Description
 
     	The purpose of the design meetings is to make sure the successful 
design of the contract equipment and plant; to solve the technical 
problems; to coordinate the Supplier and Purchaser. Such meetings shall be 
held several times by Purchasers requests. The first meeting could be held 
in USA, at a location to be specified, the second will be decided later. 
Meeting costs of each party will be taken by themselves, and the company 
located in the meeting place shall provide convenience for transportation, 
accommodation, etc.
 
5.10.2 	Topics for engineering design meetings
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
  	 	  	

To discuss the general design of the preliminary solution provided by 
Supplier (including general arrangement and system), technical document and 
standard coordination.

 
  	 	  	

Detailed engineering specifics including those as stipulated in Technical 
Annexes 1-5.

 
  	 	  	

To coordinate the arrangement and connections of the Equipment and flows of 
utilities and materials.

 
  	 	  	

The Purchaser review and confirm the auxiliary equipment company provided 
by Supplier.

 
  	 	  	

To discuss the solution for construction and delivery.

 
  	 	  	

To discuss the check and acceptance of the equipment.

 
  	 	  	

To deal with and overcome other unclear issues.


The frequency and amount of design meetings will be determined on an as 
needed basis but both parties agree to pay their own expenses for these 
meetings. Location of the design meetings will be held in the United 
States.


Annex 6: Quality control

Because Supplier has some subcontractors and the detailed quality control 
procedure will be provided by Supplier during the first design meeting.


If Supplier finds any defects of design or manufacturing after the goods 
have been delivered, Supplier should inform Purchaser immediately and 
repair them or provide new products free of charge.
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
Annex 7: Performance data and guarantee value


7.1 Capability

Supplier guarantees the performance of the delivered equipment. Considering 
of the term in clause 1.5 of Annex 1, Supplier guarantees the capability of 
the reactor shall in the range of:

[*]

[*]

[*]


The Supplier is not responsible for any interruption or delay, caused by 
Force Majeure as defined in Contract. The Supplier is also not responsible 
for any non-performance interruption or delay, caused by the followings:
 
  	(1) 	Sufficient supply and qualified mixed-gas for the deposition 
process at the Work Site; and
 
  	(2) 	Sufficient and qualified utilities at the Work Site, such as 
power-supply, thyristor power, process control, cooling-water, process 
exhaust-gas discharge.
 
  	(3) 	Well trained and experienced staff (engineers and operators)


Additional costs and expenses born by the Supplier by aforesaid will be 
reimbursed by the Purchaser.


7.2 Product warranty

[*]


Purchaser expects that the purity of the trichlorosilane shall meet the 
following specifications:
 
Type
   	
Bulk elements
   	            Value             	   	            Unit            

 Acceptors

   	[*] 	   	[*] 	   	[*]

 Donors

   	[*] 	   	[*] 	   	[*]
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 

 [*]

   	[*] 	   	[*] 	   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*] 	   	[*] 	   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*] 	   	[*] 	   	[*]

 [*]

   	[*] 	   	[*] 	   	[*]
 
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[*] = CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED 
BY BRACKETS, HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE 24B-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
OF 1934, AS AMENDED.
CONFIDENTIAL


[LOGO]
 
Purchaser: Hoku Materials, Inc.
Address: One Hoku Way, Pocatello, Idaho USA
Post Code: 83204
Telephone: +1-808-682-7800
Fax: +1-808-682-7807
E-mail: [*]
 
Authorized Signature: 	  	

 /s/ Dustin M. Shindo
  	

/s/ Darryl Nakamoto

 Dustin M. Shindo

  	Darryl Nakamoto

 Chairman & CEO

  	Chief Financial Officer

 Signing Date:

  	
 

 Supplier:

   	MSA Apparatus Construction 	   	GEC
   	for Chemical Equipment Ltd. 	   	Graeber Engineering Consultants

 Address:

   	Isartalstrasse 50 	   	Haydn-Strasse 12

 Post Code:

   	82008 Unterhaching 	   	85521 Ottobrunn, Germany

 Telephone:

   	[*] 	   	[*]

 Fax:

   	[*] 	   	[*]

 E-mail:

   	[*] 	   	[*]
 
Authorized Signature: 	  	

 /s/ Manfred Schirsner
  	

/s/ Heinz Graeber

 Manfred Schirsner

  	Heinz Graeber

 Signing Date:

  	
SUPPLIER Initials /s/HG_MS 	   	 	   	PURCHASER Initials         /s/SP      
  