 EX-10.4 6 a2178901zex-10_4.htm EXHIBIT 10.4

Exhibit 10.4

FORM OF INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

        This Agreement is made as of                        , 2007 by and 
between Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc. (the "Company") and Continental 
Stock Transfer & Trust Company ("Trustee").

        WHEREAS, the Company has entered into an Underwriting Agreement 
with Citigroup Global Markets Inc. ("Citi") as representative of the 
several underwriters (the "Underwriters") named therein, relating to the 
Company's initial public offering (the "Offering") of the Company's common 
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the "Common Stock") and warrants to 
purchase the Company's common stock (the "Warrants") pursuant to a 
Registration Statement on Form S-1 (the "Registration Statement") which has 
been declared effective as of the date hereof by the Securities and 
Exchange Commission; and

        WHEREAS, as described in the Registration Statement, and in 
accordance with the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), $390,000,000 of the 
gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Sponsor Private Placement 
Warrants (or $447,600,000 if the Underwriters' over-allotment option is 
exercised in full) will be delivered to the Trustee to be deposited and 
held in a trust account for the benefit of the Company and the holders of 
the Company's Common Stock issued in the Offering as hereinafter provided 
(the amount to be delivered to the Trustee will be referred to herein as 
the "Property", the stockholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold 
the Property will be referred to as the "Public Stockholders," and the 
Public Stockholders and the Company will be referred to together as the "
Beneficiaries"); and

        WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee desire to enter into this 
Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the 
Trustee shall hold the Property;

        IT IS AGREED:

        1.     Agreements and Covenants of Trustee. The Trustee hereby 
agrees and covenants to:

              (a)   Hold the Property in trust for the Beneficiaries in
      accordance with the terms of this Agreement in a segregated interest
      bearing trust account (the "Trust Account") established by the
      Trustee;

              (b)   Manage, supervise and administer the Trust Account
      subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

              (c)   Collect and receive, when due, all interest arising
      from the Property, which shall become part of the "Property," as such
      term is used herein;

              (d)   Promptly notify the Company and Citi of all
      communications received by it with respect to any Property requiring
      action by the Company;

              (e)   Supply any necessary information or documents as may be
      requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection
      with the Company's preparation of the tax returns relating to assets
      held in the Trust Account;

              (f)    Participate in any plan or proceeding for protecting
      or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as
      and when instructed by the Company to do so;

              (g)   Render to the Company monthly written statements of the
      activities of and amounts in the Trust Account reflecting all
      receipts and disbursements of the Trust Account; and

              (h)   Commence liquidation of the Trust Account only after
      and promptly after receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms
      of a letter ("Termination Letter"), in a form substantially similar
      to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B hereto,
      signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Operating Officer or
      Chairman of the Board or other authorized officer of the Company, and
      complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the
      Property in the Trust Account only as directed in the Termination
      Letter and the other documents referred to

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      therein. The Trustee understands and agrees that, except as provided
      in Section 1(i) hereof, disbursements from the Trust Account shall be
      made only pursuant to the terms of a duly executed Tax Payment
      Withdrawal Instruction or Interest Withdrawal Instruction, as set
      forth in Section 1(i) or 1(j), as the case may be; provided however,
      that in the event that a Termination Letter has not been received by
      the Business Combination Deadline Date (as determined in accordance
      with this Section 1(h)), the Trust Account shall be liquidated in
      accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter
      attached as Exhibit B hereto and distributed to the stockholders of
      record on the Business Combination Deadline Date. The "Business
      Combination Deadline Date" means the date that is 24 months after the
      date of the final prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange
      Commission relating to the Offering. The provisions of this Section
      1(i) may not be modified, amended or deleted under any circumstances.
      "Business Combination" means a business combination with one or more
      target businesses that have an aggregate fair market value of at
      least 80% of the initial amount held in the Trust Account (excluding
      the amount held in the Trust Account representing the Underwriters'
      deferred commission).

              (i)    Upon written request from the Company, which may be
      given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that
      attached hereto as Exhibit C (a "Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction
      "), the Trustee shall distribute to the Company the amount requested
      by the Company to cover any income or franchise tax obligation owed
      by the Company as a result of interest or other income earned on the
      funds held in the Trust Account, which amount shall be paid directly
      to the Company by electronic funds transfer, account debit or other
      method of payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to the
      relevant taxing authority.

              (j)    Upon written request from the Company, which may be
      given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that
      attached hereto as Exhibit D (an "Interest Withdrawal Instruction"),
      the Trustee shall distribute to the Company the amount requested by
      the Company to be used for working capital requirements; provided, 
      however, that the aggregate amount of all such distributions shall
      not exceed $3,500,000; and

              (k)   The limited distributions referred to in Sections 1(i)
      and 1(j) above shall be made only from interest collected on the
      Property and, in the case of Section 1(j), the aggregate amount
      distributed by the Trustee to the Company may not exceed $3,500,000,
      less any applicable income taxes on the Property. Except as provided
      in Sections 1(i) and 1(j), no other distributions from the Trust
      Account shall be permitted.

        2.     Agreements and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby 
agrees and covenants to:

              (a)   Give all instructions to the Trustee hereunder in
      writing, signed by the Company's Chairman of the Board or Chief
      Operating Officer or other authorized officer. In addition, except
      with respect to its duties under Sections 1(i) and 1(j) above, the
      Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be protected in
      relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it
      in good faith believes to be given by any one of the persons
      authorized above to give written instructions, provided that the
      Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in writing;

              (b)   Hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee
      from and against, any and all expenses, including reasonable counsel
      fees and disbursements, or loss suffered by the Trustee in connection
      with any action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee
      involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand which
      in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services
      of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any interest earned on
      the Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the
      Trustee's gross negligence or willful misconduct. Promptly after the
      receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the
      commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the
      Trustee intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it
      shall notify the Company in writing of such claim

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      (hereinafter referred to as the "Indemnified Claim"). The Trustee
      shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such
      Indemnified Claim, provided, that the Trustee shall obtain the
      consent of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel,
      which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Trustee may not
      agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written
      consent of the Company, which such consent shall not be unreasonably
      withheld. The Company may participate in such action with its own
      counsel; and

              (c)   Pay the Trustee an initial acceptance fee, an annual
      fee and a transaction processing fee for each disbursement made
      pursuant to Sections 1(i) or 1(j) as set forth on Schedule A hereto,
      which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time
      to time. It is expressly understood that the Property shall not be
      used to pay such fees unless and until it is distributed to the
      Company pursuant to Section 1(i) or 1(j). The Company shall pay the
      Trustee the initial acceptance fee and first year's fee at the
      consummation of the Offering and thereafter on the anniversary of the
      Effective Date. The Trustee shall refund to the Company the annual
      fee (on a pro rata basis) with respect to any period after the
      liquidation of the Trust Fund. The Company shall not be responsible
      for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in
      this Section 2(c) and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof (it
      being expressly understood that the Property shall not be used to
      make any payments to the Trustee under such Sections); and

              (d)   In connection with any vote of the Company's Public
      Stockholders regarding a Business Combination, provide to the Trustee
      an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the
      stockholder meeting verifying the vote of the Public Stockholders
      regarding such Business Combination.

              (e)   Provide Citi with a copy of any Termination Letters
      and/or any other correspondence that it sends to the Trustee with
      respect to any proposed withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly
      after it issues the same.

              (f)    Instruct the Trustee to make only those distributions
      that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing
      the Trustee to make any distributions that are not permitted under
      this Agreement.

        3.     Limitations of Liability. The Trustee shall have no 
responsibility or liability for:

              (a)   Taking any action with respect to the Property, other
      than as directed in Section 1 hereof and the Trustee shall have no
      liability to any party except for liability arising out of its own
      gross negligence or willful misconduct;

              (b)   Instituting any proceeding for the collection of any
      principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend
      any proceeding of any kind with respect to, any of the Property
      unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company
      given as provided herein to do so and the Company shall have advanced
      or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident
      thereto;

              (c)   Refunding any depreciation in principal of any
      Property;

              (d)   Assuming that the authority of any person designated by
      the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing
      unless provided otherwise in such designation, or unless the Company
      shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the
      Trustee;

              (e)   Any action taken or omitted by it, or any action
      suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the
      exercise of its own best judgment, except for its gross negligence or
      willful misconduct whether to the other parties hereto or anyone
      else. The Trustee may rely conclusively and shall be protected in
      acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice
      of counsel (including counsel chosen by the Trustee), statement,
      instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due
      execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions, but

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein
      contained) which is believed by the Trustee, in good faith, to be
      genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or
      persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or
      any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement
      or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument
      delivered to the Trustee signed by the proper party or parties and,
      if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall
      give its prior written consent thereto;

              (f)    Verifying the correctness of the information set forth
      in the Registration Statement or to confirm or assure that any
      acquisition made by the Company or any other action taken by it is as
      contemplated by the Registration Statement;

              (g)   Filing information returns with the United States
      Internal Revenue Service and payee statements with the Company,
      documenting the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to
      interest earned on the Property.

              (h)   Preparing, executing and filing tax reports, income or
      other tax returns and paying any taxes with respect to income and
      activities relating to the Trust Account, regardless of whether such
      tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but
      not limited to, income tax obligations (it being expressly understood
      that, as set forth in Section 1(i), if there is any income tax
      obligation relating to the income of the Property in the Trust
      Account, then, only at the written instruction of the Company, the
      Trustee shall make funds available in cash from the Property in the
      Trust Account in an amount specified by the Company as owing to the
      applicable tax authority), which amount shall be paid directly to the
      Company by electronic funds transfer, account debit or other method
      of payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to the taxing
      authority.

              (i)    Verifying calculations, qualifying or otherwise
      approving Company requests for distributions pursuant to Section
      1(i), 1(j) and 1(k).

        4.     Trust Account Waiver. The Trustee has no right, title, 
interest or claim of any kind ("Claim") in or to any monies in the Trust 
Account, and hereby waives any claim in or to any monies in the Trust 
Account it may have in the future.

        5.     Termination. This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

              (a)   If the Trustee gives written notice to the Company that
      it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its
      reasonable efforts to locate a successor trustee. At such time that
      the Company notifies the Trustee that a successor trustee has been
      appointed by the Company and has agreed to become subject to the
      terms of this Agreement, the Trustee shall transfer the management of
      the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited
      to the transfer of copies of the reports and statements relating to
      the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate;
      provided, however, that, in the event that the Company does not
      locate a successor trustee within ninety days of receipt of the
      resignation notice from the Trustee, the Trustee may submit an
      application to have the Property deposited with any court in the
      State of New York or with the United States District Court for the
      Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee
      shall be immune from any liability whatsoever; or

              (b)   At such time that the Trustee has completed the
      liquidation of the Trust Account in accordance with the provisions of
      Section 1(h) hereof, and distributed the Property in accordance with
      the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall
      terminate except with respect to Section 2(b).

        6.     Miscellaneous.

              (a)   The Company and the Trustee each acknowledge that the
      Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with
      respect to funds transferred from the Trust Account. Upon receipt

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

      of written instructions, the Trustee will confirm such instructions
      with an Authorized Individual at an Authorized Telephone Number
      listed on the attached Exhibit E. The Company and the Trustee will
      each restrict access to confidential information relating to such
      security procedures to authorized persons. Each party must notify the
      other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized
      persons may have obtained access to such information, or of any
      change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the
      Trustee will rely upon account numbers or other identifying numbers
      of a beneficiary, beneficiary's bank or intermediary bank, rather
      than names. The Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability
      or expense resulting from any error in an account number or other
      identifying number, provided it has accurately transmitted the
      numbers provided.

              (b)   This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and
      enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York,
      without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would
      result in the application of the substantive laws of another
      jurisdiction. It may be executed in several original or facsimile
      counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and
      together shall constitute but one instrument.

              (c)   This Agreement or any provision hereof may only be
      changed, amended or modified by a writing signed by each of the
      parties hereto; provided, however, that no such change, amendment or
      modification may be made to Sections 1(h) without the consent of the
      Public Stockholders, it being the specific intention of the parties
      hereto that each Public Stockholder is and shall be a third party
      beneficiary of this Section 6(c) with the same right and power to
      enforce this Section 6(c) as either of the parties hereto. For
      purposes of this Section 6(c), the "consent of the Public
      Stockholders" means receipt by the Trustee of a certificate from the
      inspector of elections of the stockholder meeting certifying that
      either (a) 70% of the Public Stockholders of record as of a record
      date established in accordance with Section 213(a) of the Delaware
      General Corporation Law, as amended ("DGCL"), have voted in favor of
      such change, amendment or modification or (b) 70% of the Public
      Stockholders of record as of the record date has delivered to such
      entity a signed writing approving such change, amendment or
      modification.

              (d)   The parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction and
      venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York,
      Borough of Manhattan, for purposes of resolving any disputes
      hereunder.

              (e)   Any notice, consent or request to be given in
      connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement
      shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar
      private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt
      requested), by hand delivery or by facsimile transmission:

            if to the Trustee, to:

                  Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
                  17 Battery Place
                  New York, New York 10004
                  Attn: Steven G. Nelson
                  Fax No.: (212) 509-5150

            if to the Company, to:

                  Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc.
                  100 Crescent Court, Suite 1200
                  Dallas, Texas 75201
                  Attn: Joseph B. Armes
                  Fax No.: (214) 615-2221

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

            in either case with a copy to:

                  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
                  388 Greenwich Street
                  New York, New York 10013
                  Attn:
                  Fax No.: (            )            -            

            and

                  Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP
                  590 Madison Avenue
                  New York, New York 10022
                  Attn: Bruce Mendelsohn
                  Fax No.: (212) 872-1002

            and

                  Bingham McCutchen LLP
                  399 Park Avenue
                  New York, New York 10022
                  Attn: Ann F. Chamberlain
                  Fax No.: (212) 702-3604

              (f)    This Agreement may not be assigned by the Trustee
      without the prior consent of the Company and Citi.

              (g)   Each of the Trustee and the Company hereby represents
      that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to
      enter into this Agreement and to perform its respective obligations
      as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that
      it shall not make any claims or proceed against the Trust Account,
      including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds
      in the Trust Account under any circumstance.

              (h)   Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby acknowledge
      that Citi is third party beneficiary of this Agreement and the Public
      Stockholders, solely for purposes of Section 6(c) hereof, are third
      party beneficiaries of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Investment 
Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.


  	
CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee

  	
By: 	
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	Name: 	  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	Title: 	  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	
Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc.

  	
By: 	
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Joseph B. Armes
Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President 
& Secretary

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------

SCHEDULE A

Fee Item
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	Time and method of payment
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	Amount
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Initial acceptance fee 	  	Initial closing of Offering by wire transfer 	  	
$ 	1,000
Annual fee 	  	First year, initial closing of Offering by wire transfer; 
thereafter on the anniversary of the effective date of the Offering by wire 
transfer or check 	  	$ 	3,000
Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company under Sections 
1(h), 1(i) and 1(j) 	  	Deduction by Trustee from accumulated income 
following disbursement made to Company under Section 2 	  	$ 	250
------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT A

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
17 Battery Place
New York, New York 10004
Attn: Steven Nelson

      Re:
          Trust Account No.                        Termination Letter

Gentlemen:

        Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust 
Agreement between Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc. ("Company") and 
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company ("Trustee"), dated as of         
                , 2007 ("Trust Agreement"), this is to advise you that the 
Company has entered into an agreement ("Business Agreement") with           
             ("Target Business") to consummate a business combination with 
Target Business ("Business Combination") on or about [insert date]. The 
Company shall notify you at least 48 hours in advance of the actual date of 
the consummation of the Business Combination ("Consummation Date").

        In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby 
authorize you to commence liquidation of the Trust Account to the effect 
that, on the Consummation Date, all of funds held in the Trust Account will 
be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the 
Company shall direct on the Consummation Date.

        On the Consummation Date (i) counsel for the Company shall deliver 
to you written notification that the Business Combination has been 
consummated ("Counsel's Letter") and (ii) the Company shall deliver to you 
(a) [an affidavit] [a certificate] of                        , which 
verifies the vote of the Company's stockholders in connection with the 
Business Combination and (b) written instructions with respect to the 
transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account ("Instruction Letter"). You 
are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust 
Account immediately upon your receipt of the Counsel's Letter and the 
Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. 
In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust Account may not be 
liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the 
Company of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such 
funds should remain in the Trust Account and distributed after the 
Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds in 
the Trust Account pursuant to the terms hereof, the Trust Agreement shall 
be terminated and the Trust Account closed.

        In the event that the Business Combination is not consummated on 
the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not 
notified you on or before the original Consummation Date of a new 
Consummation Date, then the funds held in the Trust Account shall, upon 
written instruction from the Company, be redeposited as provided in the 
Trust Agreement on the business day immediately following the Consummation 
Date as set forth in the notice.


  	
Very truly yours,

  	
Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc.

  	
By: 	
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	Name: 	  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	Title: 	  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------

cc:

        Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

A-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT B

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
17 Battery Place
New York, New York 10004
Attn: Steven Nelson

      Re:
          Trust Account No.                        Termination Letter

Gentlemen:

        Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust 
Agreement between Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc. ("Company") and 
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company ("Trustee"), dated as of         
                , 2007 ("Trust Agreement"), this is to advise you that the 
Company has been unable to effect a Business Combination with a Target 
Company prior to the Business Combination Deadline Date. Capitalized terms 
used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust 
Agreement.

        In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby 
authorize you, to commence liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as 
practicable to stockholders of record on the Business Combination Deadline 
Date. You will notify the Company in writing as to when all of the funds in 
the Trust Account will be available for immediate transfer ("Transfer Date
") in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the Certificate 
of Incorporation. You shall commence distribution of such funds in 
accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the Certificate of 
Incorporation and you shall oversee the distribution of the funds. Upon the 
distribution of all the funds in the Trust Account, your obligations under 
the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.


  	
Very truly yours,

  	
Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc.

  	
By: 	
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	Name: 	  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	Title: 	  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
cc:
    Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

B-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT C

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
17 Battery Place
New York, New York 10004
Attn: Steven Nelson

      Re:
          Trust Account No.

Gentlemen:

        Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust 
Agreement between Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc. ("Company") and 
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company ("Trustee"), dated as of         
                , 2007 ("Trust Agreement"), this is to advise you that the 
Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $            of the 
income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. The Company needs such 
funds to pay for the tax obligations as set forth on the attached tax 
return or tax statement. In accordance with the terms of the Trust 
Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire 
transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the 
Company's operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]


  	
Very truly yours,

  	
Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc.

  	
By: 	
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	Name: 	  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	Title: 	  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
cc:
    Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

C-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT D

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
17 Battery Place
New York, New York 10004
Attn: Steven Nelson

      Re:
          Trust Account No.

Gentlemen:

        Pursuant to Section 1(j) of the Investment Management Trust 
Agreement between Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc. ("Company") and 
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company ("Trustee"), dated as of         
               , 2007 ("Trust Agreement"), this is to advise you that the 
Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company $            of the 
interest, net of the taxes payable on such interest, earned on the Property 
as of the date hereof, which does not exceed, in the aggregate with all 
such prior disbursements pursuant to Section 1(k), if any, the maximum 
amount set forth in Section 1(k). The Company needs such funds to cover its 
expenses relating to investigating and selecting a target business and 
other working capital requirements. In accordance with the terms of the 
Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via 
wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the 
Company's operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]


  	
Very truly yours,

  	
Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc.

  	
By: 	
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	Name: 	  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	Title: 	  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
cc:
    Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

D-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT E

AUTHORIZED INDIVIDUAL(S)
FOR TELEPHONE CALL BACK 	  	AUTHORIZED
TELEPHONE NUMBER(S)
Company: 	  	 

Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc.
100 Crescent Court, Suite 1200
Dallas, Texas 75201
Attn: Joseph B. Armes 	
  	
(214) 615-2300

Trustee: 	
  	
 

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
17 Battery Place
New York, New York 10004
Attn: Frank A. Di Paolo, CFO 	
  	
(212) 845-3270

E-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------

