 EX-10.11C 6 dex1011c.htm FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE OPTION 
CERTIFICATE
Exhibit 10.11c


Revised Form


AMENDED AND RESTATED
EXECUTIVE OPTION CERTIFICATE


Optionee:


This Option and any securities issued upon exercise of this Option are 
subject to restrictions on voting and transfer and requirements of sale and 
other provisions as set forth in the Stockholders Agreement among CRC 
Health Group, Inc. and certain investors, dated as of February 6, 2006, as 
amended from time to time (the Stockholders Agreement). This Option and 
any securities issued upon exercise of this Option constitute Management 
Shares as defined therein.



CRC HEALTH GROUP, INC.
STOCK OPTION


CERTIFICATE


This stock option (the Agreement) was granted by CRC Health Group, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation (the Company), to the Optionee, pursuant to the 
Companys 2006 Executive Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the 
Plan). For purposes of this Agreement, the Grant Date shall mean        
              and the Initial Vesting Date shall mean                     
. This Agreement is amended and restated as of the date hereof, September   
  , 2007.


1. Grant of Option. This certificate evidences the grant by the Company on 
the Grant Date to the Optionee of an option to purchase (the Option), in 
whole or in part, on the terms provided herein and in the Plan, the 
following Units as set forth below.
 
  	(a) 	[    ] Units at $         per Unit (the Tranche 1 Options);
 
  	(b) 	[    ] Units at $         per Unit (the Tranche 2 Options); and
 
  	(c) 	[    ] Units at $         per Unit (the Tranche 3 Options and 
together with the Tranche 1 Options and Tranche 2 Options, the Options).


Each Unit consists of 9 shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company, 
par value $.001 per share, and 1 share of Class L Common Stock of the 
Company, par value $.001 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in 
the Plan. The Option evidenced by this certificate is not intended to 
qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Internal 
Revenue Code (the Code).


2. Vesting. During the Optionees Employment, this Option shall vest as 
follows:
 
  	(a) 	

The Tranche 1 Options will vest and become exercisable (i) with respect to 
20% of the Units subject to the Tranche 1 Options on the first anniversary 
of the Initial Vesting Date, (ii) with respect to 10% of the Units subject 
to the Tranche 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

Options every six months following the first anniversary of the Initial 
Vesting Date until 100% of the Tranche 1 Options are vested and (ii) if 
earlier, with respect to 100% of the Units subject to the Tranche 1 
Options, on a Change of Control.

 
  	(b) 	If a Tranche 2 Vesting Event occurs on a Measurement Date, then all 
or a portion of the Tranche 2 Options will vest and become exercisable such 
that the Tranche 2 Options will then be vested and exercisable with respect 
to a number of Units equal to (i) the Tranche 2 Maximum Percentage with 
respect to such Measurement Date multiplied by (ii) the number of Units 
subject to the Tranche 2 Options.
 
  	(c) 	Prior to a Change of Control, the Tranche 3 Options will vest and 
become exercisable in installments on March 31, 2007, March 31, 2008, March 
31, 2009, March 31, 2010, and March 31, 2011 with respect to a number of 
Units equal to (i) the Vesting Percentage for the previous calendar year 
multiplied by the number of Units subject to the Tranche 3 Options plus 
(ii) the Catch-up Vesting Percentage for the previous calendar year 
multiplied by the number of Units subject to the Tranche 3 Options. In 
addition, on a Change of Control, unvested Tranche 3 Options will vest with 
respect to a number of Units equal to the product of (i) the Average 
Vesting Percentage multiplied by (iii) the number of Undetermined Years 
multiplied by (iii) the number of Units subject to the Tranche 3 Options. 
Furthermore, if a Tranche 3 Vesting Event occurs on a Measurement Date, 
then all Tranche 3 Options remaining unvested at such time will vest.


3. Exercise of Option. Each election to exercise this Option shall be 
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and shall be in writing, 
signed by the Optionee or by his or her executor or administrator or by the 
person or persons to whom this Option is transferred by will or the 
applicable laws of descent and distribution (the Legal Representative), 
and made pursuant to and in accordance with the terms and conditions set 
forth in the Plan. The latest date on which this Option may be exercised 
(the Final Exercise Date) is the date which is the tenth (10th) 
anniversary of the Grant Date, subject to earlier termination in accordance 
with the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement.


4. Representations and Warranties of Optionee.

Optionee represents and warrants that:
 
  	(a) 	Authorization. Optionee has full legal capacity, power, and 
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform Optionee's 
obligations hereunder. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered 
by Optionee and is the legal, valid, and binding obligation of Optionee 
enforceable against Optionee in accordance with the terms hereof.
 
  	(b) 	

No Conflicts. The execution, delivery, and performance by Optionee of this 
Agreement and the consummation by Optionee of the transactions contemplated

 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

hereby will not, with or without the giving of notice or lapse of time, or 
both (i) violate any provision of law, statute, rule or regulation to which 
Optionee is subject, (ii) violate any order, judgment or decree applicable 
to Optionee, or (iii) conflict with, or result in a breach of default 
under, any term or condition of any agreement or other instrument to which 
Optionee is a party or by which Optionee is bound.

 
  	(c) 	No Other Agreements. Except as provided by this Agreement, the 
Stockholders Agreement and the Plan, Optionee is not a party to or subject 
to any agreement or arrangement with respect to the voting or transfer of 
this Option or the shares of common stock issued upon exercise hereof.
 
  	(d) 	Thorough Review, etc. Optionee has thoroughly reviewed the Plan and 
this Agreement in their entirety. Optionee has had an opportunity to obtain 
the advice of counsel (other than counsel to the Company or its Affiliates) 
prior to executing this Agreement, and fully understands all provisions of 
the Plan and this Agreement.
 
  	(e) 	Investment Intent. The Optionee is acquiring the Units solely for 
the Optionees own account for investment and not with a view to or for 
sale in connection with any distribution of the Units or any portion 
thereof and not with any present intention of selling, offering to sell or 
otherwise disposing of or distributing the Units or any portion thereof in 
any transaction other than a transaction exempt from registration under the 
Securities Act. The Optionee further represents that the entire legal and 
beneficial interest of the Units is being acquired, and will be held, for 
the account of the Optionee only and neither in whole nor in part for any 
other person.
 
  	(f) 	Absence of Solicitation. The Optionee was not presented with or 
solicited by any form of general solicitation or general advertising, 
including, but not limited to, any advertisement, article, notice, or other 
communication published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media, or 
broadcast over television, radio or similar communications media, or 
presented at any seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by 
any general solicitation or general advertising.
 
  	(g) 	Residence. The Optionees principal residence is located at the 
address indicated beneath the Optionees signature below.
 
  	(h) 	Information Concerning the Company. The Optionee is aware of the 
Companys business affairs and financial condition and has acquired 
sufficient information about the Company to reach an informed and 
knowledgeable decision to acquire the Units. The Optionee further 
represents and warrants that the Optionee has discussed the Company and its 
plans, operations and financial condition with its officers, has received 
all such information as the Optionee deems necessary and appropriate to 
enable the Optionee to evaluate the financial risk inherent in acquiring 
the Units and has received satisfactory and complete information concerning 
the business and financial condition of the Company in response to all 
inquiries in respect thereof.
 
-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(i) 	Capacity to Protect Interests. The Optionee has either (i) a 
preexisting personal or business relationship with the Company or any of 
its officers, directors, or controlling persons, consisting of personal or 
business contacts of a nature and duration to enable the Optionee to be 
aware of the character, business acumen and general business and financial 
circumstances of the person with whom such relationship exists, or (ii) 
such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to make 
the Optionee capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in 
the Stock and to protect the Optionees own interests in the transaction, 
or (iii) both such relationship and such knowledge and experience.
 
  	(j) 	Reliance by the Company. The Optionee understands that the Option 
and any Units acquired upon exercise of the Option have not been qualified 
under the Corporate Securities Law of 1968, as amended, of the State of 
California by reason of a specific exemption therefrom, which exemption 
depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the Optionees 
representations as expressed herein. The Optionee understands that the 
Company is relying on the Optionees representations and warrants that the 
Company is entitled to rely on such representations and that such reliance 
is reasonable.


5. Other Agreements. Optionee acknowledges and agrees that the shares 
received upon exercise of this Option shall be subject to the Stockholders 
Agreement and the transfer and other restrictions, rights, and obligations 
set forth therein. By executing this Agreement, Optionee hereby becomes a 
party to and bound by the Stockholders Agreement as a Manager (as such term 
is defined in the Stockholders Agreement), without any further action on 
the part of Optionee, the Company or any other person.


6. Legends. Certificates evidencing any shares issued upon exercise of the 
Option granted hereby may bear the following legends, in addition to any 
legends which may be required by the Stockholders Agreement:

The securities represented by this certificate were issued in a private 
placement, without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Act), and may not be sold, assigned, pledged, or otherwise 
transferred in the absence of an effective registration under the Act 
covering the transfer or an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the issuer, 
that registration under the Act is not required.


7. Withholding. No Units will be transferred pursuant to the exercise of 
this Option unless and until the person exercising this Option shall have 
remitted to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy any federal, state, 
or local withholding tax requirements, or shall have made other 
arrangements satisfactory to the Company with respect to such taxes.


8. Nontransferability of Option. Except as provided by the following 
sentence, this Option is not transferable by the Optionee other than by 
will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable 
during the Optionee's lifetime only by the Optionee. Subject to the 
Stockholders Agreement, this Option shall be transferable to the extent 
permitted by Rule 701 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
9. Status Change. Upon the termination of the Optionee's Employment, this 
Option shall continue or terminate, as and to the extent provided in the 
Plan.


10. Effect on Employment. Neither the grant of this Option, nor the 
issuance of Units upon exercise of this Option, shall give the Optionee any 
right to be retained in the employ of the Company or its Affiliates, affect 
the right of the Company or its Affiliates to discharge or discipline such 
Optionee at any time, or affect any right of such Optionee to terminate his 
or her Employment at any time.


11. Indemnity. Optionee hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold the Company 
harmless from and against all losses, damages, liabilities and expenses 
(including without limitation reasonable attorneys fees and charges) 
resulting from any breach of any representation, warranty, or agreement of 
Optionee in this Agreement or any misrepresentation of Optionee in this 
Agreement.


12. Provisions of the Plan. This Option is subject in its entirety to the 
provisions of the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. A copy 
of the Plan as in effect on the date of the grant of this Option has been 
furnished to the Optionee. By exercising all or any part of this Option, 
the Optionee agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Option. 
In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Option and the Plan, 
the terms of this Option shall control.


13. Definitions. The initially capitalized terms Optionee, Initial Vesting 
Date and Grant Date shall have the meanings set forth on the first page of 
this Agreement; initially capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein 
shall have the meaning provided in the Plan and the Stockholders Agreement, 
and, as used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth 
below:

Actual Internal EBITDA means, with respect to a calendar year, the 
Companys actual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and 
amortization for such year, determined based on the Companys audited 
financials. Actual Internal EBITDA shall also exclude (i) out of pocket 
expenses of the Investor that are reimbursed by the Company, (ii) non-cash 
gains or losses on dispositions of assets by the Company, (iii) gains or 
losses on interest rate swap agreements, (iv) costs directly associated 
with refinancing the Companys indebtedness or with any cash equity 
financing, and (v) non-cash compensation charges related to the Companys 
compensation plans. Actual Internal EBITDA shall not be reduced by costs of 
the acquisition of the former CRC Health Group, Inc. by the Company, 
management and transaction fees payable to the Investors or their 
Affiliates, or non-cash equity incentive expenses. Actual Internal EBITDA 
shall be calculated without giving effect to purchase accounting for the 
acquisition of the former CRC Health Group, Inc. by the Company. For the 
avoidance of doubt, year 2006 shall include Actual Internal EBITDA accrued 
during all of calendar year 2006 attributable to all businesses owned by 
the Company and in operation as of January 1, 2006.
 
-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Affiliate shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person 
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control 
with such Person.

Average Vesting Percentage means, as of any date, (i) the sum of the 
Vesting Percentage and Catch-up Vesting Percentage, if any for all calendar 
years in the Performance Period for which the Vesting Percentage and 
Catch-up Vesting Percentage, if any, have been determined, divided by (ii) 
the number of calendar years in the Performance Period for which the 
Vesting Percentage and Catch-up Vesting Percentage, if any, have been 
determined.

Base Case means, with respect to a specified calendar year within the 
Performance Period, the Actual Internal EBITDA target for the Company for 
such calendar year, which target shall be adjusted from time to time in 
good faith by the Compensation Committee to reflect the consequences of 
acquisitions, dispositions and start-ups of any new facilities and changes 
in GAAP promulgated by FASB or the SEC. Such adjustment by the Compensation 
Committee shall be made for the purpose of providing a consistent basis 
from year to year for computing the relationship of Actual Internal EBITDA 
to the Base Case in order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of the 
Optionees rights under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no 
adjustment to the Companys Actual Internal EBITDA targets shall be made in 
respect of (i) the start-up of one eating disorder treatment facility by 
the Company in 2006, which start-up is already reflected in the targets set 
forth below and (ii) outpatient methadone based treatment start-ups (other 
than pain management start-ups for which an adjustment would be made). The 
initial Actual Internal EBITDA targets for the Company are set forth below:
 
Base Case
   	2006 	   	2007 	   	2008 	   	2009 	   	2010

 Actual Internal EBITDA (in millions)

   	$ 	71.4 	   	$ 	119.7 	   	$ 	143.8 	   	$ 	167.5 	   	$ 	191.2

For the avoidance of doubt, the target for year 2006 is a target for Actual 
Internal EBITDA earned during all of calendar year 2006.

Catch-up Vesting Percentage means a percentage determined as follows:

(a) for the calendar year 2006, the Catch-up Vesting Percentage will equal 
zero percent.

(b) for any of calendar years 2007, 2008, 2009 or 2010, if the Historic 
Vesting Percentage was equal to 20%, the Catch-up Vesting Percentage will 
equal zero percent;

(c) for any of calendar years 2007, 2008, 2009 or 2010, if the Historic 
Vesting Percentage was less than 20%, the Catch-up Vesting Percentage will 
be an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (i) the product of (A) 
two multiplied by (B) the Revised EBITDA Percentage minus 90% minus (ii) 
the Historic Vesting Percentage. For
 
-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
example, if the Revised EBITDA Percentage for 2006 were 98% and the 
Historic Vesting Percentage for 2006 were 10%, the Catch-up Vesting 
Percentage for such year (as determined on March 31, 2008) would be 6%.

Change of Control means any Sale Transaction if immediately after giving 
effect to such Sale Transaction the Investors no longer hold, directly or 
indirectly, at least 80% of the Investor Shares held by the Investors 
immediately prior to the Sale Transaction.

EBITDA Percentage means, with respect to a calendar year in the 
Performance Period, the percentage obtained by dividing the Actual Internal 
EBITDA for such calendar year by the Base Case for that year.

Excess EBITDA means, with respect to a calendar year, the difference, if 
a positive number, between (i) the Actual Internal EBITDA for such calendar 
year minus (ii) the Base Case for such calendar year.

Historic Base Case means, with respect to a calendar year, the Base Case 
for the year immediately prior to such calendar year.

Historic EBITDA means, with respect to a calendar year, the Actual 
Internal EBITDA for the year immediately prior to such calendar year.

Historic Vesting Percentage means, with respect to a calendar year, the 
Vesting Percentage for the year immediately prior to such calendar year.

Initial Public Offering means the initial public offering of the common 
stock of the Company.

Investor shall have the meaning set forth in the Stockholders Agreement.

Investor Shares has the meaning set forth in the Stockholders Agreement 
and shall include any stock, securities or other property or interests 
received by the Investors in respect of Investor Shares in connection with 
any stock dividend or other similar distribution, stock split or 
combination of shares, recapitalization, conversion, reorganization, 
consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, merger, 
exchange of stock or other transaction or event that affects the Companys 
capital stock occurring after the date of issuance.

Measurement Date means (i) the first anniversary of an Initial Public 
Offering, (ii) each six month anniversary thereafter and (iii) the date of 
a Sale Transaction.

Performance Period means the five (5) year period beginning on January 1, 
2006.

Person shall mean any individual, partnership, corporation, association, 
trust, joint venture, unincorporated organization or other entity.
 
-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Revised EBITDA Percentage means, with respect to a calendar year in the 
Performance Period, the lower of (A) the percentage obtained by dividing 
(i) the sum of Excess EBITDA for such calendar year plus Historic EBITDA 
with respect to such calendar year by (ii) the Historic Base Case with 
respect to such calendar year or (B) 100%.

Sale Transaction shall mean: (i) any change in the ownership of the 
capital stock of the Company (whether by way of sale of stock, merger, or 
otherwise) if, immediately after giving effect thereto, any Person (or 
group of Persons acting in concert) other than the Investors and their 
Affiliates will have the direct or indirect power to elect a majority of 
the members of the Board, or (ii) a sale or transfer of all or 
substantially all of the Companys assets to a Person who is not a 
subsidiary of the Company.

Tranche 2 Maximum Percentage means (i) 33 1/3rd % on the first 
anniversary of an Initial Public Offering, (ii) 66 2/3rds % on the eighteen 
month anniversary of an Initial Public Offering, and (iii) 100% on a Sale 
Transaction or any Measurement Date after the eighteen month anniversary of 
an Initial Public Offering.

Tranche 2 Vesting Event means, with respect to a Measurement Date, that 
the Unit Value equals or exceeds $180 on such Measurement Date.

Tranche 3 Vesting Event means, with respect to a Measurement Date, that 
the Unit Value equals or exceeds $360 on such Measurement Date after giving 
effect to any vesting of Tranche 2 Options under this or any similar option 
agreement.

Undetermined Years means, as of any date, the number of calendar years in 
the Performance Period for which the Vesting Percentage has not been 
determined.

Unit Value means (i) upon a Sale Transaction, the fair market value, as 
determined in good faith by the Board, of a Unit (including any shares or 
other securities issued upon conversion of or in respect of such Unit) plus 
the aggregate of any dividends or distributions in respect of such Unit 
from and after February 6, 2006 and (ii) on any other Measurement Date, the 
average of the closing price of a Unit (including any shares or other 
securities issued upon conversion of or in respect of such Unit) for the 
180 days prior to such date on which the relevant market was open for 
trading, plus the aggregate of any dividends and distributions in respect 
of such Unit from and after February 6, 2006.

Vesting Percentage means, with respect to a calendar year, a percentage 
determined as follows:

(a) if the EBITDA Percentage for such calendar year is less than or equal 
to 90%, the Vesting Percentage will equal zero percent;

(b) if the EBITDA Percentage for such calendar year is equal to or greater 
than 100%, the Vesting Percentage will equal 20 percent; and
 
-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) if the EBITDA Percentage for such calendar year is between 90% and 
100%, the Vesting Percentage will equal the product (expressed as a 
percentage) of (i) two multiplied by (ii) the EBITDA Percentage for such 
calendar year minus 90%. For example, if the EBITDA Percentage for a 
calendar year were 97%, the Vesting Percentage for such year would be 14%.


14. General. For purposes of this Option and any determinations to be made 
by the Administrator or Compensation Committee, as the case may be, 
hereunder, the determinations by the Administrator or Compensation 
Committee, as the case may be, shall be binding upon the Optionee and any 
transferee.


[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
 
-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Option to be executed under 
its corporate seal by its duly authorized officer. This Option shall take 
effect as a sealed instrument.
 
  	 	  	CRC HEALTH GROUP, INC.
  	 	  	By: 	   	

 
  	 	  	Name: 	   	Dr. Barry Karlin
  	 	  	Title: 	   	Chairman and CEO
Dated: 	  	 	  	 	   	
Acknowledged and Agreed 	  	 	  	 	   	

 
  	 	  	 	   	
Name: 	  	 	  	 	   	
Address of Principal Residence: 	  	 	  	 	   	

 
  	 	  	 	   	

 
  	 	  	 	   	

 
  	 	  	 	   	