 EX-10.6 5 dex106.htm FORM OF KEY EMPLOYEE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT FOR 
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Exhibit 10.6


FORM OF KEY EMPLOYEE SEVERANCE
AGREEMENT FOR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS


The attached form is identical for the following
Executive Officers:


Paul Weaver
Michael Barker
Jonathan R. West
Brian K. Fike
Douglas Iverson

------------------------------------------------------------------------
KEY EMPLOYEE
SEVERANCE AGREEMENT


This Agreement is entered into as of the 1st day of December, 2007, by and 
between the FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF INDIANAPOLIS, a corporation organized 
under the laws of the United States (the Bank) and _______________ (the 
Executive).


WHEREAS, the Bank recognizes the valuable services that the Executive will 
provide and desires to be assured that the Executive will continue her 
active participation in the business of the Bank; and


WHEREAS, the Executive desires assurance that, in the event of any 
consolidation, change in control or reorganization of the Bank, she will 
continue to have the responsibility and status she has earned, either with 
the Bank or with a successor to the Bank;


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual agreements 
herein contained, the Bank and the Executive hereby agree as follows:


1. Definitions.


Bank shall mean the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis and any other 
entity within the definition of Bank in Section 6(a) hereof.


Cause shall mean (i) the continued failure of the Executive to perform 
her duties with the Bank (other than any such failure resulting from 
Disability), after a demand for performance, pursuant to a resolution of 
the Banks Board of Directors, is delivered to the Executive by the Chair 
of the Board of Directors of the Bank, which specifically identifies the 
manner in which the Executive has not performed her duties, (ii) the 
personal dishonesty, incompetence, willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary 
duty involving personal profit, intentional failure to perform stated 
duties, or willful violation of any law, rule or regulation (other than 
routine traffic violations or similar offenses); or (iii) the removal of 
the Executive for cause by the Federal Housing Finance Board pursuant to 12 
U.S.C. 1422b(a)(2), or by any successor agency to the Federal Housing 
Finance Board pursuant to a similar statute.


Compensated Termination shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).


Disability shall mean, as a result of the Executives incapacity due to 
physical or mental illness, the Executive shall have been absent from her 
duties with the Bank for an aggregate of twelve (12) out of fifteen (15) 
consecutive months and, within thirty (30) days after a Notice of 
Termination is thereafter given by the Bank to the Executive, the Executive 
shall not have returned to the full-time performance of the Executives 
duties.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good Reason shall mean any of the following:

(a) during the period (1) beginning with the earliest to occur of the 
following three dates, as applicable: (A) twelve (12) months prior to the 
execution of a definitive agreement regarding a Reorganization of the Bank 
or (B) if a Reorganization has been mandated by federal statute, rule, 
regulation or directive, twelve (12) months prior to the effective date of 
such Reorganization or (C) twelve (12) months prior to the adoption of a 
plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Bank, and (2) 
ending twenty-four (24) months after the effective date of such 
Reorganization,
 
  	(i) 	a material change in the Executives status, position, job title or 
principal duties and responsibilities as a key employee of the Bank which 
does not represent a promotion from the Executives status and position as 
in effect as of the date hereof (Position), or
 
  	(ii) 	the assignment to the Executive of any duties or responsibilities 
(or removal of any duties or responsibilities), which assignment or removal 
is materially inconsistent with such Position, or
 
  	(iii) 	any removal of the Executive from such Position (including, 
without limitation, all demotions and harassing assignments), except in 
connection with the termination of the Executives employment for Cause or 
Disability, or as a result of the Executives death;

(b) within twenty-four (24) months after the effective date of a 
Reorganization of the Bank, (a) a reduction by the Bank in the Executives 
base salary as in effect immediately prior to such Reorganization, or (b) 
the Banks (or its successors) failure to increase (within 12 months of 
the Executives last increase in base salary) the Executives base salary 
after a Reorganization of the Bank in an amount which is not less than 50% 
of the average percentage increase in base salary for all officers of the 
Bank effected in the preceding twelve (12) months;

(c) within twenty-four (24) months after the effective date of a 
Reorganization of the Bank, (a) any failure by the Bank to continue in 
effect any plan or arrangement, including, without limitation, benefit and 
incentive plans, in which the Executive is participating immediately prior 
to such Reorganization (hereinafter referred to as Plans), unless such 
Plans have been replaced with similar benefits that are not materially less 
than the Executives benefits under such Plans, or (b) the taking of any 
action by the Bank which would adversely affect the Executives 
participation in or materially reduce the Executives benefits under any 
such Plan or in or under fringe benefits enjoyed by the Executive 
immediately prior to the time of such Reorganization of the Bank;

(d) any material breach by the Bank of any provisions of this Agreement or 
any other agreement with the Executive; or
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) any failure by the Bank or its successors and assigns to obtain the 
assumption of this Agreement by any successor or assign of the Bank.


Notice of Termination shall mean a written notice which shall indicate 
those specific termination provisions in this Agreement upon which the Bank 
or the Executive, as the case may be, has relied for such termination and 
which sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed 
to provide a basis for termination of the Executives employment under the 
provision so indicated.


Payment Determination Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
2(b).


Reorganization of the Bank shall mean the occurrence at any time of any 
of the following events:
 
  	(i) 	The Bank is merged or consolidated with or reorganized into or with 
another bank or other entity, or another bank or other entity is merged or 
consolidated into the Bank;
 
  	(ii) 	The Bank sells or transfers all, or substantially all of its 
business and/or assets to another bank or other entity; or
 
  	(iii) 	The liquidation or dissolution of the Bank.


Retirement shall mean the planned and voluntary termination by the 
Executive of her employment on or after reaching the earliest retirement 
age permitted by the Banks qualified retirement plans.


2. Compensated Termination.

(a) Compensated Termination. If the Executive incurs a Compensated 
Termination while the Executive is employed by the Bank or within 
twenty-four (24) months after the effective date of a Reorganization of the 
Bank (whether the Executive is then employed by the Bank or a successor to 
the Bank as a result of such Reorganization), the Executive shall be 
entitled to the benefits provided in Section 4(a). For purposes of this 
Agreement, a Compensated Termination means termination of the Executives 
employment under either of the following circumstances:
 
  	(i) 	By the Executive for Good Reason; or
 
  	(ii) 	By the Bank, or by its successor in a Reorganization, without 
Cause at any time during the period (1) beginning with the earliest to 
occur of the following three dates, as applicable (A) twelve (12) months 
prior to the execution of a definitive agreement regarding a 
Reorganization, or (B) if a Reorganization has been mandated by federal 
statute, rule, regulation or directive, twelve (12) months prior to the 
effective date of such Reorganization, or (C) twelve (12) months prior to 
the adoption of a plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of 
the Bank, and (2) ending twenty-four (24) months after the effective date 
of such Reorganization.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Payment Determination Date. Payment Determination Date, for purposes 
of determining when a payment resulting from a Compensated Termination must 
be made pursuant to Section 4(a), shall mean the effective date of the 
termination of the Executives employment with the Bank if such termination 
is a Compensated Termination.

(c) Non-Compensated Termination. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the 
following events shall result in any payment to the Executive for a 
Compensated Termination under Section 4(a):
 
  	(i) 	The termination of employment by the Executive without Good Reason;
 
  	(ii) 	The termination of the Executives employment for Cause by the 
Bank or its successor in a Reorganization;
 
  	(iii) 	The termination of the Executives employment Without Cause by 
the Bank or its successor in a Reorganization, (1) prior to the date which 
is the earliest to occur of the following three dates, as applicable: (A) 
twelve (12) months prior to the execution of a definitive agreement 
regarding a Reorganization of the Bank or (B) if a Reorganization has been 
mandated by federal statute, rule, regulation or directive, twelve (12) 
months prior to the effective date of such Reorganization or (C) twelve 
(12) months prior to the adoption of a plan or proposal for the liquidation 
or dissolution of the Bank, or (2) more than twenty-four (24) months after 
the effective date of a Reorganization;
 
  	(iv) 	The termination of the Executives employment by the Bank or its 
successor in a Reorganization for Disability;
 
  	(v) 	The death of the Executive; or
 
  	(vi) 	The Retirement of the Executive.


3. Termination of Employment.

(a) Termination by the Bank. The Bank may terminate the employment of the 
Executive as follows:
 
  	(i) 	

For Cause upon the adoption of a resolution by the affirmative vote of not 
less than a majority of the entire membership of the Banks Board of 
Directors at a meeting of the Board (after reasonable notice to the 
Executive and an opportunity for the Executive, together with counsel, to 
be heard by the Board), finding that in the good faith

 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

opinion of the Board the Executive was guilty of conduct set forth in the 
definition of Cause in Section 1 hereof and specifying the particulars 
thereof in detail. A vote of the Board is not required if the Executive is 
removed for cause by the Federal Housing Finance Board pursuant to 12 
U.S.C. 1422b(a)(2);

 
  	(ii) 	Without Cause;
 
  	(iii) 	Upon the Disability of the Executive; and
 
  	(iv) 	Upon the death of the Executive.

(b) Termination by Executive. The Executive may terminate her employment 
with the Bank as follows:
 
  	(i) 	For Good Reason;
 
  	(ii) 	Without Good Reason; or
 
  	(iii) 	Upon the Executives Retirement, in which case the Executive 
shall be entitled to all benefits under any retirement plan of the Bank and 
other plans to which the Executive is a party.

(c) Preservation of Compensated Termination. The provisions of Sections 
3(a) and 3(b) are included in this Agreement for clarification of the 
rights of termination of the employment relationship between the Bank and 
the Executive, but such provisions shall not prejudice the Executives 
right to receive payments or benefits required to be provided to the 
Executive if any such termination is a Compensated Termination.

(d) Notice of Termination.
 
  	(i) 	Any termination by the Bank for Disability or Cause shall be 
communicated by a Notice of Termination; provided, however, that the 
failure by the Bank to give notice in such circumstances shall not 
constitute a Compensated Termination.
 
  	(ii) 	Any termination of employment by the Executive for Good Reason 
will be a Compensated Termination only if the Executive gives Notice of 
Termination to the Bank therefore within ninety (90) days of the event or 
occurrence which constitutes Good Reason, provided, further, that, if the 
Executive gives such Notice of Termination to the Bank in a timely manner, 
the Executive shall not be deemed to have waived any of his rights 
hereunder in the event he remains in the employment of the Bank while he 
and the Bank engage in good faith discussions to resolve any event or 
occurrence which constitutes Good Reason. The Bank has a thirty (30) day 
period following receipt of notice during which it may remedy the condition 
and not be required to pay the amount.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(iii) 	Any termination by the Bank without Cause or by the Executive 
without Good Reason shall be communicated to the other party in accordance 
with the general notice provisions of this Agreement.


4. Payment for Compensated Termination.

(a) In the event of a Compensated Termination, the Bank shall pay or 
provide the Executive the following:
 
  	(i) 	an amount equal to 2.99 times the average of the three (3) 
preceding calendar years base salary, bonuses, and any other cash 
compensation (taxable or non-taxable) paid to the Executive during such 
years; plus
 
  	(ii) 	an amount equal to 2.99 times the average of the Executives 
salary deferrals and employer matching contributions under the Banks 
Supplemental Executive Thrift Plan and the Financial Institutions Thrift 
Plan for the three (3) preceding calendar years; plus
 
  	(iii) 	an amount equal to 2.99 times the average of the three (3) 
preceding calendar years taxable portion of the Executives automobile 
allowance provided by the Bank; plus
 
  	(iv) 	an additional amount under the Banks non-qualified Supplemental 
Executive Retirement Plan (SERP), equal to the additional annual benefit 
under Section 3.1 of the SERP with the benefit under Section 3.1 being 
calculated as if:
 
  	(1) 	the Executive is three (3) years older than her actual age;
 
  	(2) 	the Executive had three (3) additional years of service at the same 
annual rate of compensation (as defined in the Regulations Governing the 
Comprehensive Retirement Program of the Financial Institutions Retirement 
Fund as from time to time amended, and as adopted by the Bank) in effect 
for the 12 month period ending on the December 31 date which immediately 
precedes the Compensated Termination (including any compensation deferred 
by the Executive);
 
  	(3) 	the Executive maintained the same deferral election under the 
Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis 2005 Supplemental Executive Thrift 
Plan as in effect on the date immediately preceding the Compensated 
Termination; and
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(4) 	the SERP continued in effect without change in accordance with its 
terms as in effect on the date immediately preceding the Compensated 
Termination.

The Bank shall distribute such amounts (except the amount provided under 
Section 4(a)(iv)) in a lump sum in cash within twenty (20) days of the 
Payment Determination Date. The amount provided under Section 4(a)(iv) 
above shall be distributed at the same time as the Executives benefit 
under the SERP is distributed.

(b) If the aggregate payments received or to be received by the Executive 
pursuant to this Agreement exceed the highest amount permissible without 
triggering payment of an excise tax under Sections 280G and 4999 of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including without limitation, 
any successor excise tax, tax penalties or alternative federal tax which is 
not ordinary federal income tax (Code), the Executive will receive from 
the Bank an additional gross-up payment sufficient to provide him with the 
same after-tax benefits as he would have received had the excise tax under 
the Code not been imposed. This payment will be added to and paid at the 
same time as the payment under Section 4(a).

(c) Notwithstanding Section 4(a), if the Bank is not in compliance with any 
applicable regulatory capital or regulatory leverage requirement or if the 
payment would cause the Bank to fall below applicable regulatory 
requirements, such payment shall be deferred until such time as the Bank 
achieves compliance with its regulatory requirement.

(d) To the extent the Executive is eligible, she shall continue after a 
Compensated Termination to be covered by the Banks medical and dental 
insurance plans in effect immediately prior to the Compensated Termination, 
for thirty-six (36) months, subject to the Executives payment of the 
Employees portion of the cost of such coverage. In the event the Executive 
is ineligible under the terms of such plans to continue to be so covered or 
such plans shall have been modified, the Bank shall provide through other 
sources coverage which is substantially equivalent to the coverage provided 
immediately prior to the Compensated Termination, subject to the 
Executives payment of a comparable portion of the cost of such coverage as 
under the Banks medical and dental insurance plans. If during this time 
period the Executive should enter into employment providing for comparable 
medical and dental insurance coverage, his participation in the medical and 
dental plans provided by the Bank shall cease.

(e) The Bank shall reimburse the Executive for all reasonable legal, 
accounting, financial advisory and actuarial expenses incurred by the 
Executive: (i) before or at the time of the execution of this Agreement, or 
(ii) at the time any payments are made upon the occurrence of a Compensated 
Termination if the Executive submits to the Bank a valid claim 
substantiating the expense within 40 days of incurring the expense. Each 
reimbursement will be paid to the Executive within 15 days following the 
Banks receipt of a valid claim substantiating the expense.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) The Executive shall be responsible for the payment of all federal, 
state and local income taxes which may be due with respect to any payments 
made to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement, except for the ordinary 
federal and state income tax owed by the Executive due to the gross-up 
payment made to the Executive under Section 4(b) of this Agreement.


5. No Obligation to Seek Further Employment; No Effect on Other Contractual 
Rights.

(a) The Executive shall not be required to seek other employment, nor shall 
any payment made under this Agreement be reduced by any compensation 
received from other employment, except as set forth in the last sentence of 
Section 4(d).

(b) The provisions of this Agreement, and any payment provided for 
hereunder, shall not reduce any amounts otherwise payable, or in any way 
diminish the Executives existing rights, or rights which would accrue 
solely as a result of the passage of time, under any Plan.


6. Successor to the Bank.

(a) This Agreement is binding upon the successors and assigns of the Bank. 
The Bank and its successors and assigns will require any successor or 
assign (whether direct or indirect, in a Reorganization, by operation of 
law, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or 
assets of the Bank, to enter into a written agreement in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Executive, expressly, absolutely and unconditionally to 
assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the 
same extent that the Bank would be required to perform it if no such 
succession or assignment had taken place. In such event, the Bank agrees 
that it shall pay or shall cause such employer to pay any amounts owed to 
the Executive pursuant to Section 4 hereof.

As used in this Agreement, Bank shall mean the Bank as hereinbefore 
defined and any successor or assign to its business and/or assets as 
aforesaid which executes and delivers the agreement provided for in this 
Section 6 or which otherwise becomes bound by all the terms and provisions 
of this Agreement by operation of law. If at any time during the term of 
this Agreement the Executive is employed by any corporation a majority of 
the voting securities of which is then owned by the Bank, the term Bank 
shall include such employer. Whether or not another entity becomes the 
successor or assign of the Bank under this Agreement, the maximum amount 
which the Executive may receive from all sources under this Agreement in a 
Compensated Termination shall be the amounts set forth in Section 4 hereof.

(b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the 
Executives personal and legal representatives, executors, administrators, 
successors, heirs, distributees, and legatees. If the Executive should die 
while any amounts are still payable to him hereunder, all such amounts, 
unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement to the beneficiary designated by notice in writing 
executed by the Executive and filed with the Bank, or failing such 
designation, to the Executives estate.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
7. Late Payment of Benefits. Any payment made later than the time provided 
for in Section 4(a) of this Agreement for whatever reason, including, 
without limitation, the reasons set forth in Section 4(c), shall include 
interest at the Banks cost of funds plus five percent (5%), which shall 
begin to accrue on the tenth (10th) day following the Executives Payment 
Determination Date.


8. Employment Rights . This Agreement shall not confer upon the Executive 
any right to continue in the employ of the Bank and shall not in any way 
affect the right of the Bank to dismiss or otherwise terminate the 
Executives employment at any time and for any reason with or without 
cause. This Agreement is not intended (i) to be an employment agreement or 
(ii) to define all aspects of the employment relationship between the Bank 
and the Executive including, but not limited to applicable employment or 
benefit policies of the Bank. To the extent there is any conflict between 
the terms hereof and the terms of any employment or benefit policies of the 
Bank, the terms of this Agreement shall control. Any payments or benefits 
to which the Executive may be entitled under Section 4 hereof will not 
constitute wages for work performed by the Executive.


9. Tax Withholding. The Bank will withhold from any amounts payable to 
Executive under this Agreement to satisfy all applicable federal, state, 
local or other withholding taxes. All amounts payable under Section 4(a) 
are considered wages to be reported on Form W-2. The normal withholding 
rules for wages apply. The Bank will also withhold any excise taxes owed 
under Code Section 4999.


10. Notice. For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other 
communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall 
be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand, delivered by a 
nationally-recognized overnight courier service, or mailed by United States 
registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, as follows:

If to the Bank:

Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis
8250 Woodfield Crossing Boulevard
Indianapolis, Indiana 46240
Attention: Chairman of the Board of Directors
With a copy to the President

If to the Executive:

_____________________
8250 Woodfield Crossing Boulevard
Indianapolis, Indiana 46240

or such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in 
writing in accordance herewith. Any notice shall be effective upon receipt.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
11. Legal Fees and Expenses. The Bank shall pay all reasonable legal fees 
and expenses which the Executive may incur as a result of the Banks 
contesting the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the 
calculation of amounts payable hereunder so long as the Executive is wholly 
or partially successful on the merits or the parties agree to a settlement 
of the dispute.


12. Term. This Agreement shall remain in effect during the employment of 
the Executive by the Bank, its successors or assigns, and shall survive 
termination of such employment until all payments and benefits, if any, 
under this Agreement have been paid or satisfied.


13. Arbitration.

(a) Disputes regarding this Agreement are subject to the Federal Home Loan 
Bank of Indianapolis Agreement to Arbitrate by and between the Bank and the 
Executive dated August 29, 2002 (Arbitration Agreement). No cancellation, 
replacement or modification to the arbitration procedures under the 
Arbitration Agreement shall be effective unless agreed to in writing by 
both the Bank and the Executive. In the event of any conflict between the 
provisions of this Agreement and the Arbitration Agreement, the provisions 
of this Agreement shall control.

(b) If within thirty (30) days after any Notice of Termination is given, 
the party receiving such Notice of Termination notifies the other party 
that a dispute exists concerning the Termination, the parties shall 
promptly proceed to arbitration as provided in (a) above. Notwithstanding 
the pendency of any such dispute, the Bank shall continue to pay the 
Executive his base salary and provide such other compensation and benefits, 
all as in effect immediately prior to the Notice of Termination. If it is 
determined that the Executive is not entitled to any compensation under 
Section 4 of this Agreement, the Executive shall return all cash amounts to 
the Bank promptly following the date of resolution by arbitration, with 
interest thereon commencing as of the date of the resolution of the dispute 
by arbitration at the prime rate of interest as published by the Wall 
Street Journal from time to time. Any cash amounts paid to the Executive 
pending the resolution of the dispute by arbitration shall offset any 
amounts determined to be due to the Executive under Section 4.


14. Miscellaneous.

(a) No Modification. No provisions of this Agreement may be modified, 
waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is 
agreed to in writing signed by the party or parties hereto to be bound.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) No Waiver. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach 
by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or 
provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be 
deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the 
same or at any prior or subsequent time.

(c) Entire Agreement. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, 
express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been 
made by either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement.

(d) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana (excluding conflicts of 
laws principles), except to the extent such law is preempted by the laws of 
the United States.

(e) Headings. Section or paragraph headings contained herein are for 
convenience of reference only and are not to be considered a part of this 
Agreement.

(f) Validity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions of this 
Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other 
provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.

(g) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of 
which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

(h) Rescission of Prior Agreement. This Agreement shall rescind and be in 
full replacement of any prior Key Employee Severance Agreement entered 
into between the Executive and the Bank.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is executed as of the date first above 
written and is effective as of December 1, 2007.
 
THE EXECUTIVE: 	  	 	  	FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF INDIANAPOLIS:
_________________________________ 	  	 	  	By: 	  	 
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Chairman, Board of Directors
 
  	 	  	By: 	  	 
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Vice Chairman, Board of Directors
 
12