 EX-10.1 2 v093386_ex10-1.htm


                             November 9, 2007
 
Alternative Energy Sources, Inc.
310 West 20th Street, 2nd Floor
Kansas City, Missouri 64108
Attention: Chairman of the Board of Directors

 
Dear Sirs:
 
We are delighted that you have decided to consider a transaction with [Name 
of Purchaser], a privately held company (the “Purchaser”), pursuant to 
which Alternative Energy Sources, Inc. (the “Company”) would be acquired by 
the Purchaser (the “Transaction”), and we look forward to working with you 
to enter into a definitive merger agreement for the Transaction on terms 
mutually agreeable to the parties and subject to such conditions as we and 
you will mutually agree to in further discussions. The Purchaser and its 
affiliates intend to devote substantial resources to due diligence and the 
prompt preparation and completion of the necessary definitive agreements, 
but are only willing to do so subject to the provisions set out herein.
 
From and after the date hereof until the earlier of (i) the execution of a 
definitive merger agreement with respect to the Transaction or (ii) one 
year after the date hereof, if the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
enters into an agreement with respect to an Acquisition Transaction (as 
defined below), the Company shall simultaneously with the closing of the 
transaction contemplated by any such agreement with respect to an 
Acquisition Transaction (1) pay to the Purchaser a business interruption 
fee of $500,000 (the “Business Interruption Fee”) and (2) reimburse the 
Purchaser for the reasonable fees and expenses (including, without 
limitation, fees and expenses payable to all legal, accounting, financial, 
and other professionals arising out of, in connection with or related to 
the Transaction) incurred by it and its affiliates in connection with the 
evaluation, negotiation, financing and documentation of the Transaction up 
to an aggregate amount of $500,000 (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
shall be in addition to the Business Interruption Fee), in the case of each 
of clauses (1) and (2), in cash payable by wire transfer in same day funds 
to an account designated in writing by the Purchaser. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company fails to pay any 
amounts due under this paragraph in accordance with the terms hereof, in 
addition to any amounts paid or payable pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Company shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses (including legal fees 
and expenses) incurred in connection with any action, including the filing 
of any lawsuit or other legal action, taken to collect payment, together 
with interest on the unpaid amount from the date such amount was required 
to be paid at the prime rate as reported in the Wall Street Journal on the 
date such amount was required to be paid.
 
As used in this agreement, “Acquisition Transaction” means (1) a merger, 
consolidation, share exchange or business combination involving the Company 
or any of its subsidiaries representing 20% or more of the assets of the 
Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (2) a sale, lease, 
exchange, or transfer (other than the granting of a security interest in, 
or lien or mortgage on, assets of the Company), in a single transaction or 
series of related transactions, of 20% or more of the assets of the Company 
and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (3) a purchase or sale of shares of 
capital stock or other securities, in a single transaction or series of 
related transactions, representing 20% or more of the voting power of the 
capital stock of Company, including by way of a tender offer or exchange 
offer, (4) a reorganization or recapitalization of the Company (other than 
a bankruptcy reorganization), or (5) any other change-of-control 
transaction having a similar effect to those described in clauses (1) 
through (4), in each case other than the Transaction.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Alternative Energy Sources, Inc.
November 9, 2007
Page 2 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, unless and until 
a definitive merger agreement is executed and delivered in respect of the 
Transaction (and, in that case, subject to the conditions expressed 
therein), no party to this agreement is under any obligation to proceed 
with or consummate the Transaction. The obligations under this Agreement 
shall automatically terminate upon the execution of such definitive merger 
agreement, if any. The terms of this agreement may be modified or waived 
only by a separate writing, signed by the party against whom enforcement is 
sought, that expressly modifies or waives any such term. It is understood 
that no failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege under 
this agreement shall operate as a waiver hereof, nor shall any single or 
partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or 
the exercise of any right, power or privilege under this agreement. The 
invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not 
affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this 
agreement, all of which shall remain in full force and effect.
 
This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be 
performed entirely within such State. The parties to this agreement (a) 
irrevocably submit to the personal jurisdiction of the state courts located 
in New York, New York and the federal courts of the United States of 
America located in the Southern District of the State of New York and (b) 
waive any claim of improper venue or any claim that those courts are an 
inconvenient forum.
 
[Signature page follows]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Alternative Energy Sources, Inc.
November 9, 2007
Page 3
 
This agreement shall be treated as confidential and may not be used, 
circulated, quoted or otherwise referred to in any document, except with 
the prior written consent of the Purchaser.
 
Very truly yours,
 

[NAME OF PURCHASER]
  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
By:
/s/[NAME OF PURCHASER]
  	 
  	
Name:
  	 
  	
Title:
  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:
  	 
  	  	  	 
ALTERNATIVE ENERGY SOURCES, INC.
  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
By:
/s/Mark Beemer
  	 
  	
Name: Mark Beemer
  	 
  	
Title: Chief Executive Officer
  	 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


 