 EX-10.25 2 dex1025.htm FORM OF BROKERAGE AGREEMENT BETWEEN EACH TRADING 
COMPANY AND FIMAT USA
EXHIBIT 10.25


CUSTOMER AGREEMENT


In consideration of the acceptance by Fimat USA, LLC (FIMAT) of one or 
more accounts (the Account(s)) of the undersigned (Customer), and of 
FIMAT acting as broker for Customer, the Customer agrees as follows:


RISKS AND AUTHORITY
 
  	A. 	Risks of Commodity Trading. In addition to the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (CFTC) mandated Risk Disclosure Statement attached 
hereto, Customer understands that (i) Customer may be trading in commodity 
futures contracts, options on commodity futures contracts, foreign futures 
contracts and options on foreign futures contracts (collectively, 
Commodity Futures Contracts), securities and securities options 
(collectively, Securities), derivative instruments, spot and forward 
contracts, physical commodities, cash and other properties and options 
thereon (collectively, Other Account Instruments) and/or currencies and 
foreign exchange contracts and options thereon (Forex, and together with 
Commodity Futures Contracts, Securities, Other Account Instruments and 
Forex being herein collectively defined as Commodities), and such trading 
is highly speculative, (ii) prices are subject to sharp upward and downward 
movements, (iii) price fluctuations may result in losses which 
substantially exceed the capital in Customers Account(s), (iv) on trading 
days on which the subject of Customers trading reaches its permissible 
exchange price limit, trading may cease, as a result of which Customer may 
be locked into substantial losses, and (v) in transactions on exchanges on 
which foreign currency is used, any profit or loss may be affected by 
exchange rate fluctuations. Customer is willing and able, financially and 
otherwise, to assume the risks of such trading. Customer recognizes that 
assurance of profit or freedom from loss is impossible to guaranty. 
Customer has received no assurance and will place no orders in reliance on 
any such assurance or similar representations. Customer understands that 
FIMAT may without notice to Customer exercise any of the remedies listed in 
Sections III.O and IV hereof if Customer fails to maintain adequate margin 
or if any other event of default occurs. Customer agrees to review 
carefully each confirmation statement FIMAT sends Customer and notify FIMAT 
immediately in accordance with Section III.F hereof.
 
  	B. 	FIMATs Authority and Responsibility. Customer authorizes FIMAT to 
purchase and sell Commodities, as agent for Customers Account(s) in 
accordance with the oral or written instructions of Customer or persons 
authorized in writing to act, or persons reasonably believed by FIMAT to be 
acting, on Customers behalf. Unless Customer specifies to the contrary, 
FIMAT is authorized to execute all orders on any exchange or other market 
where such business is conducted which may be deemed by FIMAT, in its sole 
discretion, to be appropriate. Customer hereby waives any defense that any 
such instruction was not in writing, as may be required by any law, rule or 
regulation. FIMAT agrees to provide the services contemplated hereunder in 
any commercially reasonable manner.


Customer authorizes FIMAT or its agents to investigate Customers credit 
standing and in connection therewith to contact such banks (including, 
without limitation, any of FIMATs Affiliates, such as Societe Generale), 
financial institutions and credit agencies, as FIMAT shall deem appropriate 
to verify information regarding Customer. Customer authorizes FIMAT, in its 
sole discretion, to provide and/or exchange any financial information with 
respect to Customer with any of FIMATs Affiliates.
 
  	C. 	

Introduced Accounts (Only if applicable). Customer understands that 
Customers Account(s) with FIMAT was introduced to FIMAT by an Intermediary 
(as defined in Section II.F below), and that, except for companies which 
are members of the FIMAT Group, the Intermediary is an independent business 
entity which is not in any way affiliated with or an agent of FIMAT. 
Customer hereby authorizes FIMAT to accept all orders and instructions from 
its Intermediary and hereby ratifies all

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	

orders and instructions which FIMAT believes in good faith to have been 
transmitted by its Intermediary on Customers behalf, which FIMAT is 
authorized to act upon. If Customer is dealing with an Intermediary, make 
all checks payable to, and wire all funds directly to Fimat USA, LLC. 
FIMAT INTERMEDIARIES DO NOT HANDLE CUSTOMER FUNDS, EXCEPT TO FORWARD TO 
FIMAT CHECKS MADE OUT TO FIMAT.

 
  	D. 	Customer Representations and Warranties. Except as disclosed in 
writing to FIMAT prior to execution and delivery of this Agreement or in a 
subsequent written notice from Customer to FIMAT, Customer represents and 
warrants as follows: (1) Customer is not (a) a general partner, officer, 
director, more than ten percent owner, correspondent, agent (or person 
associated with an agent), associated person, or employee of a futures 
commission merchant, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, or 
an introducing broker, (b) a relative, spouse, or relative of a spouse of 
any of the foregoing persons who shares the same home with any such person, 
(c) a member of an exchange or a director or employee of an exchange, bank, 
trust company, insurance company, or regulatory or self-regulatory 
organization, or (d) engaged individually or as an employee in the business 
of dealing, as broker or principal, in Commodities other items, documents 
of title relating to Commodities, bills of exchange, acceptances, or other 
forms of commercial paper, and if Customer becomes so employed or engaged 
Customer will promptly notify FIMAT in writing; (2) Customer, if 
applicable, (a) is duly organized and in good standing under the laws of 
the jurisdiction in which it was organized and in all jurisdictions where 
it is qualified to do business; (b) has the requisite capacity, power and 
authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this 
Agreement and such Other Agreement, including without limitation, the 
granting of any security interests in the Collateral as contemplated hereby 
and thereby; (c) none of the execution, delivery or performance by Customer 
of its obligations under this Agreement or such Other Agreement conflict 
with the provisions of any material contract, agreement or instrument 
binding upon you or your properties, or the provisions of any law, statute, 
rule, regulation or decree, order or determination of any court of law 
applicable to Customer; and (d) no consent, authorization, permit or filing 
is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by 
Customer of this Agreement or such Other Agreement, except those that have 
been obtained or made and filings necessary to create, perfect and retain 
any security interest in, or lien upon, any Collateral for any of 
Customers obligations to FIMAT; (3) Customer, if an individual, is of 
sound mind, legal age and legal competence; (4) no person other than 
Customer has or will have an interest in Customers Account(s) except as 
otherwise disclosed in writing to FIMAT; and (5) all the information 
provided in the Customer Application is true, correct and complete as of 
the date hereof and that Customer will promptly notify FIMAT of any 
material changes in such information.
 
  	E. 	Customer is Principal. Unless Customer has advised FIMAT in writing 
otherwise prior to execution and delivery of this Agreement, Customer is 
acting for Customers Account(s) as principal and not as agent in 
transactions under this Agreement. Customer will give written notice to 
FIMAT before granting any person or entity any interest in Customers 
Account(s) or undertaking to act as agent for any party with respect to 
Customers Account(s).


DEFINITIONS (As used in the singular or plural)
 
  	A. 	Affiliate. Affiliate includes Societe Generale, Fimat 
International Banque, SA, Fimat Americas SAS and SG Tandem, Inc. and any of 
their affiliates or subsidiaries.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	B. 	Agreed by FIMAT. Agreed by FIMAT means an agreement in writing 
under the hand of a person whose name and signature at the material time 
appear on a list of authorized signatories maintained by FIMAT at its 
offices. A copy of the list is available for inspection upon reasonable 
notice at FIMATs offices during usual business hours.
 
  	C. 	Applicable Law. Applicable Law shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section III.A.3 below.
 
  	D. 	Collateral. Collateral means all of Customers right, title and 
interest in and to all goods and other property, including without 
limitation, Commodities, the Account(s), inventory, documents, accounts, 
general intangibles, chattel paper and all proceeds of such property 
including but not limited to interest on or profits from the Account(s). 
Any property en route to or allocated by any third party to FIMAT and/or 
any Affiliate shall be deemed Collateral for purposes of this Agreement.
 
  	E. 	Commodity Exchange. Commodity Exchange means any exchange, 
association, contract market or clearing association, whether incorporated 
or unincorporated, or persons who are engaged in the business of buying or 
selling any commodity or receiving the same for sale on consignment.
 
  	F. 	Intermediary. Intermediary includes an introducing broker, fully 
disclosed futures commission merchant, foreign broker, or any other person 
or entity acting in a similar capacity.
 
  	G. 	Liability. Liability means all Customers obligations direct or 
indirect to FIMAT or its Affiliates of whatever form and however arising, 
including any indebtedness now or hereafter existing under this Agreement 
or any Other Agreement or any debit balances in the Account(s).
 
  	H. 	Other Agreement. Other Agreement means any and all agreements, 
documents and instruments (including, without limitation, promissory 
note(s), security agreement(s), pledge agreement(s) and guaranty(s)) 
executed by or on behalf of Customer in favor of FIMAT and/or an Affiliate, 
as such agreements, documents and instruments may be amended, supplemented 
or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with their respective 
terms.


TERMS OF TRANSACTIONS
 
  	A. 	Applicable Rules and Terms. The Account(s) and all transactions and 
agreements in respect of the Account(s) shall be subject to:
 
  	1. 	the terms of this Agreement and any other terms Agreed by FIMAT and 
Customer;
 
  	2. 	FIMATs terms from time to time in effect with respect to the 
specific type of transaction and the terms of FIMATs confirmation of the 
transaction, except to the extent specifically inconsistent with Subsection 
III.A.1 above;
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	3. 	the regulations of all applicable Federal, state and self-regulatory 
agencies or authorities, including but not limited to: (i) the provisions 
of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and any rules, regulations, 
orders and interpretations promulgated thereunder by the CFTC; and (ii) the 
constitution, by-laws, rules, regulations, orders and interpretations of 
the Commodity Exchange (and its clearing house, if any) on which such 
transactions are executed and cleared, and any relevant registered futures 
association, including, without limitation, the National Futures 
Association (NFA), except to the extent Subsections III.A.1 or III.A.2 
above provide more specific restrictions. All such provisions, rules, 
regulations, orders, interpretations, constitution, by-laws, custom and 
usage are hereinafter collectively referred to as Applicable Law; and
 
  	4. 	customary practice in the trade, except to the extent specifically 
inconsistent with Subsections III.A.1, III.A.2, or III.A.3 above.
 
  	B. 	Margin. Customer will pay to FIMAT (and only to FIMAT) all amounts 
FIMAT requires as margin or to satisfy any other of Customers obligations 
under this Agreement in U.S. Dollars in immediately available funds, unless 
otherwise agreed, as FIMAT requires. FIMAT at any time may change the 
margin requirements with respect to Customers Account(s) for existing 
positions as well as for new positions. The required margin may exceed the 
margin required by the Commodity Exchange (and its clearing house, if any) 
on which trades are cleared on behalf of Customer.

FIMAT has no obligation to notify Customer of any insufficiency of margin 
in Customers Account(s) prior to exercising rights and remedies under 
Section IV of this Agreement.
 
  	C. 	Fees and Commissions. Customer will pay the fees and commissions 
FIMAT charges from time to time. FIMAT may share its fees, commissions and 
amounts accruing on Customers Account(s) with persons that introduce 
Customer to FIMAT or provide other services to FIMAT.
 
  	D. 	Interest. If Customer fails to pay FIMAT in immediately available 
funds any sum when due, then unless otherwise provided in any Other 
Agreement, Customer will pay interest to FIMAT on the unpaid sum, while 
outstanding, at the lesser of (i) the maximum legal rate or (ii) 150% of 
the publicly announced prime lending rate of Société Générale New York 
Branch as in effect from time to time while the unpaid sum is outstanding, 
compounded monthly. Customer acknowledges that FIMAT may receive and retain 
as its own any increment or interest accruing from any of the funds FIMAT 
receives from Customer.
 
  	E. 	No Standard Requirement. FIMAT has no obligation to impose uniform 
margin requirements, to publish details of fees or commissions, or to 
charge uniform fees, commissions or interest rates.
 
  	F. 	Confirmations and Statements. FIMAT will promptly confirm in writing 
all transactions undertaken for Customers Account(s). Customer shall 
timely review all confirmations received from FIMAT to check that the 
description of the transactions is accurate and that no transaction is 
omitted. Customer is conclusively bound by FIMATs confirmations and 
statements of Customers Account(s) if Customer does not object in writing 
before the earlier of ten days following transmission to Customer or by 
market opening on the day following Customers actual receipt of such 
confirmation statements. With respect to transactions which Customer 
authorizes but for which no confirmation is received, Customer shall be 
deemed to have waived all objections unless FIMAT has received Customers 
written request for a copy of the confirmation within five days of the 
transaction date. Customer understands that Customer should direct 
inquiries to FIMAT at 630 Fifth Avenue, Suite 500, New York, New York 
10111, Attention: Compliance Department, or such other address as FIMAT may 
hereafter provide Customer. For the reporting of any alleged unauthorized 
trades or other trade improprieties, FIMAT authorizes and will accept 
collect telephone calls to the Compliance Department at (212) 504-7446. 
FIMAT is not bound by prices or transactions reported in error on 
confirmations and statements of Customers Account(s).
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Customer hereby authorizes FIMAT to transmit to it all confirmation and 
other statements of account activity, funds and positions by facsimile 
transmission or through the Internet to such address as Customer designates 
on the Customer Application, or as Customer designates from time in a 
writing addressed to the Compliance Department, as set forth in this 
paragraph. FIMAT reserves the right to assess its standard charge from time 
to time in effect for confirmation and other statements of account 
activity, funds and positions provided to customer through any other 
medium, as well as for duplicate statements of any kind. This authorization 
shall be perpetual, unless revoked in writing by Customer in a writing 
addressed to the Compliance Department, as set forth in this paragraph.
 
  	G. 	Capacity of FIMAT; Floor Brokers and Others; Indemnification. FIMAT 
will execute Customers transactions solely as agent of Customer. In 
executing transactions on a Commodity Exchange, FIMAT may utilize floor 
brokers (who may be employees or other agents of FIMAT), and will be 
responsible for reasonable care in the selection of such brokers, but will 
not be responsible to Customer for negligence or misconduct of an 
independent floor broker if, at the time the floor broker was selected, the 
floor broker was authorized to act as such under the rules of the relevant 
Commodity Exchange and the appropriate regulatory agency. FIMAT will not be 
responsible to Customer in the event of error, failure, negligence, or 
misconduct on the part of any Intermediary, commodity trading advisor, or 
other person acting on Customers behalf and, without limiting the 
foregoing, FIMAT has no obligation to investigate the facts surrounding any 
transaction in Customers Account(s) which is introduced by such 
Intermediary, commodity trading advisor, or other person. Customer will 
indemnify FIMAT and hold it harmless from and against any and all 
liabilities, penalties, losses, and expenses, including legal expenses, 
incurred by FIMAT as a result of any error, failure, negligence, or 
misconduct on the part of any such Intermediary, commodity trading advisor, 
or other person acting on Customers behalf. FIMAT shall not be responsible 
for any loss or damage caused, directly or indirectly, from any delays or 
inaccuracies in the transmission of orders, including but not limited to 
our automated order routing systems, or other information due to a 
breakdown in or failure of any transmission or communication facilities for 
any reason including those reasons described in Section V.D. hereof. FIMAT 
shall only be liable for actions or inactions by FIMAT which amount to 
negligence or fraud. Customer also agrees that FIMAT shall not be liable to 
Customer for any losses, costs, expenses, or other damages sustained by 
Customer in the event of any failure or delay by any exchange, market, 
clearing house, bank or other depository institution where any of 
Customers funds or other assets are maintained, or a failure or delay by 
any member, bank or agent of any of the foregoing, or a failure or delay by 
any of the foregoing to enforce its rules, to fulfill its obligations, or 
to make any payment, for any reason whatsoever. Customer waives any claim, 
cause of action or right as against FIMAT, its employees or agents which 
may arise or occur as a result thereof.
 
  	H. 	Transaction Limits; Acceptance of Orders. FIMAT, solely for its own 
benefit and the benefit of other customers, may limit the number of 
transactions FIMAT executes, and the open positions FIMAT maintains or 
acquires, for Customer. Customer, acting alone or in concert with others, 
will not make any trade through FIMAT which would have the effect of 
exceeding the lower of limits imposed by FIMAT, the Commodity Exchange on 
which the transactions are executed, or any regulatory agency. If Customer 
exceeds its limit, FIMAT may require the transfer of Customers positions 
to another firm, or FIMAT may liquidate some or all of the Customers 
positions as FIMAT elects in its sole discretion. Customer agrees to 
promptly advise FIMAT if Customer is required to file reports of its 
positions to the CFTC or any Commodity Exchange.
 
  	I. 	

Liquidation of Offsetting Positions. FIMAT shall liquidate any contract for 
which an offsetting order is entered by Customer on a first in, first out 
(FIFO) basis, unless Customer instructs FIMAT not to liquidate such 
contract and to maintain the offsetting contracts as open positions; 
provided,

 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
that FIMAT shall not be obligated to comply with any such instructions 
given by Customer if Customer fails to provide FIMAT with any 
representations, documentation or information reasonably requested by FIMAT 
or if in FIMATs reasonable judgment, any failure to liquidate such 
offsetting contracts against each other on a FIFO basis would result in a 
violation of Applicable Law.
 
  	J. 	Separate Accounts. Pursuant to CFTC Rule 1.46(e)(1), if FIMAT 
maintains or directs the trading for more than one account for Customer 
then, if held open, offsetting long and short positions in the separate 
accounts may result in the charging of additional fees and commissions and 
the payment of additional margin, although offsetting positions will result 
in no additional market gain or loss.
 
  	K. 	Failure of Delivery. At least five business days prior to the 
earlier of first notice or last trading day of the delivery month, Customer 
must advise FIMAT whether Customer intends to take or make delivery, as the 
case may be, of items purchased and sold by FIMAT at Customers direction, 
and, if delivery is intended, Customer must demonstrate to FIMATs 
satisfaction Customers ability to perform Customers delivery obligations, 
in any manner required by FIMAT including, without limitation, by 
depositing with FIMAT the funds or documents necessary for delivery. If 
Customer fails to so advise FIMAT or to demonstrate satisfactorily 
Customers ability to perform, then without notice or demand to Customer, 
FIMAT may, but shall have no duty to, liquidate such positions on terms 
FIMAT deems reasonable, or take any other action FIMAT deems reasonable, 
including taking or making delivery as the case may be. If Customer fails 
to supply FIMAT, in a timely manner, with any item FIMAT has sold at 
Customers direction, FIMAT may borrow or purchase the item from any party, 
including an Affiliate, to make the delivery. FIMAT has no duty to borrow 
or purchase the item. Customer shall comply fully with Applicable Law 
relating to taking or making any delivery, and shall, if taking delivery, 
take all steps as provided thereunder to ensure that all items to be 
delivered are in compliance with Applicable Law. Customer will hold 
harmless and indemnify FIMAT for all liabilities, penalties, losses, and 
expenses, including any legal expenses and any penalties imposed by any 
Commodity Exchange, FIMAT incurs or reasonably anticipates incurring if 
Customer fails timely (1) to take good delivery of any item FIMAT has 
purchased at Customers direction, (2) to supply FIMAT with or otherwise 
make good delivery of any item FIMAT has sold at Customers direction, or 
otherwise, in connection with a delivery, or (3) to comply with Applicable 
Law, and FIMAT may in the event of any such failure, apparent failure, or 
otherwise withhold from Customers Account(s) with FIMAT or any Affiliates 
the amount (however denominated) estimated by FIMAT as sufficient to 
satisfy the above indemnity, for application as FIMAT deems appropriate.
 
  	L. 	Forwarding and Storage of Material. If FIMAT on Customers behalf 
arranges for packaging, shipping, storage, or insurance, FIMATs only 
liability will be for gross negligence or willful misconduct in the making 
of the arrangements.
 
  	M. 	Reimbursement for Taxes, Etc. Customer will indemnify FIMAT for all 
taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, and fees (including legal 
expenses) incurred in connection with any sale, purchase, forwarding or 
storage.
 
  	N. 	Payment. Customers payments must be in freely transferable and 
immediately available funds to FIMATs account at a bank designated by 
FIMAT and without deduction for any taxes, imposts, duties, charges, or 
fees and free and clear of any withholding, restrictions, or conditions of 
any nature when received by FIMAT. Payments may not be effected by the 
delivery of bank notes or other legal tender unless Agreed by FIMAT. FIMAT 
may withhold any delivery until it receives payment in the foregoing 
manner.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	O. 	Closeout. Whenever FIMAT, in its sole discretion, considers it 
necessary for Customers protection or for FIMATs protection, FIMAT may, 
but is not obligated to, refuse to accept new positions and/or close out or 
otherwise liquidate Customers positions, and Customer will be liable for 
any deficiency in Customers Account(s) that may result therefrom.
 
  	P. 	Options Exercise. Customer agrees that if Customer has a commodity 
option position with FIMAT and does not provide timely instructions 
regarding the exercise of a commodity option on the last day of trading in 
that option, FIMAT, in its sole discretion and without prior notice to 
Customer, is authorized to exercise or abandon (i.e., let expire) the 
option. Customer further agrees that any exercise or abandonment of an 
option by FIMAT pursuant to this Agreement shall be for Customers sole 
account and risk and FIMAT shall have no liability with respect thereto, 
and FIMAT shall have no duty to exercise such authority. Customer further 
agrees that, without FIMATs written consent, Customer may not, on any day, 
exercise more than 20 options contracts with FIMAT unless Customer has 
margin with FIMAT in excess of the amount of margin FIMAT requires for the 
futures contracts Customer would be assigned as a result of such exercise.

Customer acknowledges that FIMATs confirmation of purchase and sale 
statements will reflect option expiration dates that FIMAT obtains from 
sources generally believed to be reliable, and FIMAT will be responsible 
only for gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud in connection 
therewith. If Customer holds options with a Friday expiration date, it is 
possible that, if a grantor, Customer could be assigned a futures position 
after the expiration of the option on Friday, and on some exchanges, as 
late as Saturday morning.
 
  	Q. 	Adjustments. On rare occasion FIMAT may, in error, not fill 
Customers order or fill Customers order at a price which is less 
favorable than the price which could have been obtained if the error had 
not occurred. In these circumstances, FIMAT will give Customer the filled 
order and cash adjust Customers Account(s) so as to reflect the price at 
which the order could have been executed had the error not occurred. 
Customer agrees however that, if when correcting its error, FIMAT obtains a 
position at a better price than Customers order could have been filled at, 
Customer will only receive the fill Customer could have obtained if 
Customers orders had been executed without error (and FIMAT will receive 
any difference).
 
  	R. 	Exchange of Physical for Futures Transaction. Customer agrees to 
create, retain, and produce, upon request of a Commodity Exchange, the 
CFTC, or the United States Department of Justice, documentation of cash 
transactions underlying exchanges of futures for cash commodities or 
exchanges of futures in connection with cash commodity transactions in 
accordance with Applicable Law. Documentation means those documents 
customarily generated in accordance with cash market practices and/or 
required by the relevant Commodity Exchange or regulatory authority which 
demonstrate the existence and nature of the underlying cash transactions, 
including, but not limited to, contracts, confirmation statements, telex 
printouts, invoices, and warehouse receipts or other documents of title.
 
  	S. 	Direct Order Transmittal Client Disclosure. On occasion, when 
FIMATs offices are closed, Customer may request that FIMAT grant it 
authority to place orders directly with one or more of FIMATs non-U.S. 
Affiliates for execution on non-U.S. exchanges, or for transactions on U.S. 
exchanges to be executed on GLOBEX, NYMEX ACCESS or other electronic 
trading systems. If FIMAT grants Customer such authority, the following 
conditions shall apply: (1) the order(s) Customer places with FIMATs 
non-U.S. Affiliate will be for FIMATs omnibus account maintained directly 
or indirectly with FIMATs non-U.S. Affiliate; (2) Customer will be a 
client of FIMAT and not of the non-U.S. Affiliate; (3) all monies, 
securities and property of Customer will be maintained by FIMAT; and (4) 
unless Customer objects within five days after receipt of this Agreement, 
FIMAT may assume Customer consents to these conditions.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECURITY AGREEMENT AND DEFAULT PROVISIONS
 
  	A. 	Security Interest. Customer hereby grants FIMAT a security interest 
in the Collateral and proceeds thereof, as security for the prompt payment 
and performance of any and all Liabilities.
 
  	B. 	FIMATs Rights Respecting Collateral. Customer will sign and deliver 
all agreements, instruments, certificates and documents FIMAT requests to 
create, perfect, preserve and protect the security interest in any of the 
Collateral, accompanied by such instruments of assignment and transfer and 
in such form as FIMAT shall reasonably request. Customer appoints FIMAT as 
Customers agent to sign, deliver, complete and file any such agreements, 
instruments, certificates and documents on Customers behalf. FIMAT has no 
obligation to return an identical item of Collateral, but only to replace 
the item with property of like kind and substantially similar quantity, 
subject to adjustment for quantity variations at then prevailing market 
prices. FIMAT may, at any time and without limitations except those imposed 
by law, pledge, re-pledge, hypothecate, loan or invest any Collateral 
without notice to Customer or the obligation to account to Customer for any 
interest, income, or other benefit from any of the Collateral. Customer 
agrees to permit FIMAT and/or its agents and representatives at any time to 
inspect any of the Collateral and make abstracts or copies from any of 
Customers books and records pertaining to the Collateral. The right is 
expressly granted to FIMAT, in its sole discretion, to notify warehousemen, 
consignees, bailees or any other persons in possession of Collateral of 
FIMATs security interest therein. Unless Agreed by FIMAT, the undersigned 
will not file or authorize or permit to be filed in any jurisdiction any 
such financing or like statement in which FIMAT is not named as the sole 
secured party. Upon the request of FIMAT, Customer shall, at Customers 
expense, keep insured all Collateral which is tangible property for full 
value, with such coverage as FIMAT may approve, and the policies shall be 
duly endorsed in FIMATs favor and delivered to FIMAT.
 
  	C. 	Events of Default. In addition to any Event of Default which may 
be defined in any Other Agreement, and not by way of limitation of any 
right FIMAT otherwise has to demand payment at any time of any of the 
Liabilities, the following events shall constitute an Event of Default: 
(1) Customer breaches, repudiates, or defaults in any way on any agreement 
with FIMAT or any Affiliate (including Customers agreement to provide 
margin) or with any third party; or (2) FIMAT, in its sole discretion, 
determines that it has sufficient grounds for insecurity with respect to 
Customers performance of any obligation to any person and Customer fails 
to provide assurance of performance of the obligation satisfactory to 
FIMAT; or (3) any proceeding is commenced by or against Customer under any 
bankruptcy, insolvency, relief of debtor, or similar law, or Customer makes 
an assignment for the benefit of creditors, a receiver, trustee, 
conservator, liquidator or similar officer is appointed for Customer or any 
of Customers property; or (4) Customers Account(s) are attached or levied 
against; or (5) any of Customers representations to FIMAT or any 
Affiliate, whenever or wherever made, were misleading when made or deemed 
made or later becomes untrue; or (6) Customer dies, is disabled or becomes 
legally incompetent; or (7) Customer or any organization of which Customer 
is a member suspends or threatens to suspend the transaction of its usual 
business, or any proceeding is commenced with respect to any of Customers 
property or any such organization; or (8) Customer is a party to any 
merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of its assets 
unless Agreed by FIMAT prior thereto; or (9) FIMAT has reason to believe 
that any of the foregoing is likely to occur imminently.
 
  	D. 	FIMATs Remedies Upon Default.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	1. 	Customer absolutely and unconditionally agrees that upon the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, FIMAT, on behalf of itself and as agent 
for any Affiliate, may exercise any one or more of the following remedies 
(except that, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default set forth in 
Section IV.C.(3) above, the remedies specified in subparagraphs a, b, c, 
and g below shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to have been 
exercised, immediately and without action by FIMAT), with only such notice 
as is required by Applicable Law and cannot be waived, without prejudice to 
any other remedies:
 
  	a. 	FIMAT, on its own behalf and/or on behalf of any of its Affiliates, 
may terminate any or all of FIMATs and/or any Affiliates obligations to 
Customer for future performance;
 
  	b. 	FIMAT, on its own behalf and/or on behalf of any of its Affiliates, 
may treat any or all of Customers Liabilities and/or Customers 
obligations to any Affiliates, including credit or debit balances, as 
immediately due, and may treat all limits, margin facilities and call 
tolerance facilities in place as revoked;
 
  	c. 	FIMAT, on its own behalf and/or on behalf of any of its Affiliates, 
may consolidate Customers Account(s) or any of them at FIMAT and/or any 
Affiliates;
 
  	d. 	FIMAT, on its own behalf and/or on behalf of any of its Affiliates, 
may sell any or all non-cash Collateral held long by FIMAT and/or any 
Affiliates;
 
  	e. 	FIMAT, on its own behalf and/or on behalf of any of its Affiliates, 
may close out or hedge for Customers Account(s) any or all open positions 
in Customers Account(s) at FIMAT and/or any Affiliates pursuant to Section 
III.O above or otherwise, in any manner it deems reasonable under the 
circumstances;
 
  	f. 	FIMAT, on its own behalf and/or on behalf of any of its Affiliates, 
may borrow, lend, sell or buy from any party, including itself and/or any 
Affiliates, any property necessary to cover or hedge any or all positions 
in Customers Account(s) at FIMAT and/or any Affiliates; and
 
  	g. 	FIMAT, on its own behalf and/or on behalf of any of its Affiliates, 
may offset the proceeds of the sale of non-cash Collateral, cash 
Collateral, and sums owing Customer by FIMAT and/or Affiliates (including 
any sums arising from the operation of this Section D), against Customers 
Liabilities and Customers obligations to any Affiliates, without prejudice 
to FIMATs right to recover the balance of Customers Liabilities and any 
Affiliates right to recover the balance of Customers obligations to them.

Customer appoints FIMAT as Customers agent to sign, complete, and deliver 
any and all documents necessary or desirable to carry out the foregoing. 
None of FIMAT nor any of its Affiliates, nor any of its agents or 
representatives will be responsible for losses or lost profits, accrued or 
anticipated, resulting from any position or transaction entered to enforce 
the foregoing remedies. Customer waives the right of set off in any action 
brought by FIMAT to collect amounts owned by Customer to FIMAT.

Customer will indemnify and hold harmless FIMAT and its Affiliates, and 
their respective agents and representatives from any liabilities, 
penalties, losses, costs and expenses, including but not limited to 
reasonable attorney fees (whether the reasonable fees and charges of 
external legal counsel and/or the costs and charges, if any, allocated by 
internal legal department), which FIMAT and/or any Affiliates incur in 
connection with (i) the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any Other 
Agreement, (ii) the care or custody of the Collateral and defending or 
asserting the rights and claims of FIMAT and/or any Affiliates in respect 
thereof, and (iii) meeting any obligation of FIMAT and/or any Affiliates 
which would otherwise fail to be performed by reason of an Event of 
Default.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
MISCELLANEOUS
 
  	A. 	Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction.

All disputes between FIMAT and Customer including, but not limited to, 
disputes arising directly or indirectly as a result of, or the relationship 
established as a result of, this Agreement, shall be governed by the 
substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of 
choice of law. Notwithstanding any provision of Applicable Law, Customer 
agrees to commence all actions of any kind against FIMAT within one year of 
the event giving rise to any dispute. Customer irrevocably submits to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of New York and of the Federal Courts of the 
Southern District of New York with respect to litigation relating to all 
such disputes, including, but not limited to, disputes arising directly or 
indirectly as a result of or the relationship established as a result of 
this Agreement and transactions subject to this Agreement, agrees to 
commence actions and proceedings and assert claims for relief involving 
them only in such courts (unless Customer has otherwise agreed to arbitrate 
all disputes against FIMAT, in which case such arbitration shall be held 
only in New York City), and consents to service of process by the mailing 
of copies to Customer by certified mail to Customers address as it appears 
on the books of FIMAT. Such service shall be effective ten days after 
mailing.
 
  	B. 	Waiver of Jury Trial. CUSTOMER HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY 
ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
DISPUTES ARISING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY AS A RESULT OF, OR THE RELATIONSHIP 
ESTABLISHED AS A RESULT OF, THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION IN CONNECTION 
THEREWITH. CUSTOMERS WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY IS A PREREQUISITE TO, AND 
INDUCEMENT OF FIMAT TO OFFER, THE OPENING OF CUSTOMERS ACCOUNT(S).
 
  	C. 	Applicable Law and Notes for German Clients. Contrary to German Law, 
the substantive law of New York does not distinguish between binding and 
non-binding terminal (futures) transactions (see paragraph 53 of the German 
Börsengesetz). All trades under this Agreement are therefore binding market 
transactions. Customer acknowledges that under German Law futures trading 
gives rise to an imperfect obligation (as provided in paragraphs 762 and 
764 of the Burgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB) and paragraph 58 of the German 
Börsengesetz). Customer also acknowledges that under paragraph 814 of the 
BGB disclosure of this fact removes any and all rights Customer might 
otherwise have as a result of the Differenzeinwand (paragraph 812 of the 
BGB). Customer credit balance held by FIMAT will be applied to fulfill, 
discharge and perform the transaction(s) and as an advance performance or 
down payment to cover any transaction(s) trading costs.
 
  	D. 	Force Majeure; Warranty and Disclaimer of Warranties. FIMAT shall 
not be liable for any delay in performance or for non-performance of its 
obligations caused by any event beyond the reasonable control of FIMAT. 
FIMAT may, without liability, cancel this Agreement or any particular 
transaction contemplated hereunder if its performance is delayed or 
rendered impossible due to any such event. FIMATs sole warranty is that 
any commodity delivered by it will conform to the description on any 
confirmation prepared and delivered by FIMAT with respect thereto. FIMAT 
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	E. 	Non-Waiver; Non-Assignment; Time of the Essence. This Agreement and 
the Other Agreements, if any, constitute the entire Agreement between FIMAT 
and Customer with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all 
other understandings, agreements, or communications concerning such subject 
matter. Any oral representations, warranties, inducements, or agreements 
made by any representative of FIMAT inconsistent with the provisions of 
this Agreement are excluded and will not bind FIMAT. FIMAT will be bound by 
waivers and modifications of any of the terms of this Agreement, any other 
written agreement, or any transaction, or any attempted assignment by 
Customer of any right or interest in this Agreement, any other agreement, 
or any transaction, only if Agreed by FIMAT (as defined). Such agreement 
will bind FIMAT only in relation to the waiver, modification, or 
assignment, to which FIMAT has consented in writing. Customer hereby waives 
the right to claim estoppel or forbearance unless Agreed by FIMAT. Any 
agreement by FIMAT to forbear liquidation, pursuant to any of its rights 
and remedies hereunder, may be revoked by FIMAT upon 24 hours notice to 
Customer (unless a shorter time is commercially reasonable under the 
circumstances), which notice Customer hereby deems reasonable. FIMATs 
failure to exercise any right or remedy is not a waiver of the right or 
remedy not exercised or any other right or remedy. Time is of the essence 
in the performance of Customers obligations.
 
  	F. 	Binding Effect. This Agreement covers all of Customers Account(s) 
with FIMAT, is binding on Customer and Customers estate, legal 
representatives, successors and assigns and inures to the benefit of FIMAT 
and its successors and assigns.
 
  	G. 	Communications. Communications may be sent to Customer by mail, 
telex, telegraph, facsimile transmission, messenger, or other reasonable 
means at its current address shown on FIMATs records, and are deemed 
received when Customer actually receives them or 24 hours after they are 
sent, whichever first occurs. FIMAT, in its sole discretion, may record, on 
tape or otherwise, any telephone conversation between FIMAT and Customer 
involving their respective officers, agents and employees. Customer hereby 
agrees and consents to such recording, with or without the use of an 
automatic tone warning device, and waives any right Customer may have to 
object to the use or admissibility into evidence of such recording in any 
legal proceeding between Customer and FIMAT or in any other proceeding to 
which FIMAT is a party or in which FIMATs records are subpoenaed. Customer 
acknowledges that FIMAT may erase such recordings after a reasonable period 
of time. FIMAT shall be entitled to rely on any instructions, notices and 
communications, whether oral or in writing, that it believes to be that of 
an individual authorized to act on behalf of Customer as authorized to act 
on its behalf, and Customer shall be bound thereby. Customer hereby waives 
any defense that any such instruction was not in writing as may be required 
by the Statute of Frauds or any other similar law, rule or regulation. 
Customer will indemnify FIMAT and hold FIMAT harmless from and against all 
liabilities, penalties, losses, and expenses, including legal expenses, 
incurred by FIMAT as a result of FIMATs acting upon such instructions.
 
  	H. 	Non-Execution. Any failure by Customer to duly sign this Agreement 
is not a waiver by FIMAT of any rights it otherwise has against Customer.
 
  	I. 	FIMAT Has No Responsibility for Advice. FIMAT is not acting as 
fiduciary, foundation manager, commodity pool operator, commodity trading 
advisor or investment adviser in respect of any Account(s) opened by 
Customer and FIMAT shall have no responsibility hereunder for compliance 
with any law or regulation governing the conduct of fiduciaries, foundation 
managers, commodity pool operators, commodity trading advisors or 
investment advisers. Customer will not enter into any transaction with 
FIMAT, and will not hold FIMAT responsible for losses, as a result of any 
prediction, recommendation, or representation made by any representative of 
FIMAT. Any information or advice communicated by FIMAT, although based upon 
information from sources FIMAT believes to be reliable, may be incomplete 
or inaccurate, may not be verified, and may be changed without notice to 
Customer. FIMAT makes no representation as to the accuracy, completeness, 
reliability or prudence of any such information or advice or as to the tax 
consequences of Customers futures or options trading.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	J. 	Appointment of Agent. Customers appointment of an agent on the 
Trading and Fee Payment Authorization Limited to Purchases and Sales of 
Commodities form (Trading Authorization), if applicable, is notice to 
FIMAT that the person so designated (the Agent) is Customers agent in 
respect of Customers Account(s) with FIMAT, with complete authority on 
Customers behalf to place orders for purchases and sales, including short 
sales, for cash or on margin, of Commodities other items in respect of 
which Customer may from time to time enter into transactions in one or more 
of Customers Account(s) with FIMAT, for immediate or future delivery, to 
effect delivery and performance of the orders and of the obligations 
undertaken in connection with the orders, to borrow funds from FIMAT to 
finance any of the transactions, to lend or pledge Customers properties 
with FIMAT and otherwise to secure Customers Liabilities, withdraw or 
direct the payment of monies, securities, commodities, or other property 
from Customers Account(s) with FIMAT, including to compensate Agent for 
its services, to settle Customer disputes with FIMAT or between Customer or 
any other party with whom FIMAT deals for Customer or with whom Customer 
deals through FIMAT as broker for the third party, and to sign and deliver 
on Customers behalf notices and other documents and to take all other 
actions necessary or desirable to carry out the terms of this Agreement. 
Customer agrees to notify FIMAT promptly in writing of the revocation or 
modification of the Agents authority. Customer will indemnify FIMAT and 
hold FIMAT harmless from and against all liabilities, penalties, losses, 
and expenses, including legal expenses, incurred by FIMAT in acting as 
instructed by the Agent and in continuing to act in reliance on the Trading 
Authorization after revocation or modification but prior to FIMATs receipt 
of written notice thereof.
 
  	K. 	Termination. Customer may terminate this Agreement, when Customer 
has no Liabilities and no open positions which could give rise to 
subsequent Liabilities, 30 days after the actual receipt by FIMAT of 
written notice of termination. FIMAT may terminate this Agreement at any 
time 30 days after mailing or delivery of written notice of termination to 
Customer, provided that any such termination will not affect any 
transactions theretofore entered into and will not relieve either party of 
any obligations in connection with any debt or credit balance or other 
liability or obligation incurred prior to the termination.
 
  	L. 	Multiple Parties. If any Account(s) established pursuant to this 
Agreement is on behalf of more than one person:
 
  	1. 	each signing person is jointly and severally liable for the full and 
timely performance of all the obligations of all signing persons in 
connection with this Agreement and any account established and any 
transaction effected under this Agreement; and the terms hereof shall 
survive the legal incompetence or death of any or all signing persons;
 
  	2. 	in connection with any Account(s) established under this Agreement, 
FIMAT may act upon any order, request or instruction from any one signing 
person without the necessity of confirmation from any other;
 
  	3. 	the delivery of any report, statement, notice or other communication 
to any one signing person is deemed to have been to all of the signing 
persons;
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	4. 	FIMAT may deliver any Collateral of any of the signing persons to 
any one or more of the signing persons, and make payments from any 
Account(s) established pursuant to this Agreement to or upon the order or 
direction of any one of them, and FIMAT is under no obligation to inquire 
into the purpose of any request for the delivery of any such Collateral or 
the making of any such payment, or to see to the disposition or application 
thereof; and
 
  	5. 	unless FIMAT is advised otherwise in writing, the interest of the 
signing persons in any Account(s) established under this Agreement shall be 
deemed to be a joint tenancy with rights of survivorship and not a tenancy 
in common.
 
  	M. 	Severability. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application 
of such provision to any person or circumstances, is held invalid, the 
remainder of this Agreement, and the application of such provision to 
persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid, 
shall not be affected thereby.
 
  	N. 	Captions. Captions used in this Agreement are used for convenience 
and neither form an integral part of this Agreement nor limit the 
applicability or affect the meaning of any of the Agreements provisions.


ELECTRONIC TRADING SYSTEMS

FIMAT may make available to Customer the ability to trade, directly or 
indirectly (in whole or in part), through electronic trading systems (ETS) 
such as GLOBEX or ACCESS or other electronic systems. The sponsoring 
organizations or such systems may make certain information available and in 
some cases require special disclosures for these systems. To the extent 
these disclosures are required and other information is available, it has 
been set forth in the accompanying booklet entitled Exchange Disclosures 
and Notices, which Customer acknowledges receiving by signing below.


ACCEPTANCE OF AGREEMENT

This Agreement shall not be deemed to be accepted by FIMAT or become a 
binding contract between Customer and FIMAT until approved by a duly 
authorized officer of FIMAT in writing in accordance with its internal 
procedures. Customer represents, unless Customer has executed the Joint 
Tenants Agreement; the Partnership Authorization; the Certificate of 
Corporate Resolution; or the Trust Authorization, that this is an 
individual account and no one else has an interest in this account and 
Customer has authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement.


OTHER AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES; CONFLICTS

Customer acknowledges that in addition to this Agreement, FIMAT may request 
that Customer and/or any Affiliate of Customer to execute and deliver such 
agreement(s), instrument(s) and document(s) as FIMAT may prescribe, which 
agreement(s), instrument(s) and documents upon their execution, shall 
become an Other Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the 
provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of any Other Agreement, the 
provisions of this Agreement shall govern to the extent the underlying 
transactions relate to futures contracts or options thereon.


IX. SERIES DISCLAIMER

The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that Customer is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of The Frontier Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Trust), 
and acknowledge that the Trust is organized in series pursuant to Section 
3804(a) and 3806(b)(2) of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. As such, the 
debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses                  incurred, 
contracted for or otherwise existing with respect to each series of the 
Trust shall be enforceable against the assets of such series of the Trust 
only, and not against the assets of the Trust generally or the assets of 
any other series of the Trust or against the Trustee of the Trust. The 
parties hereto also acknowledge and understand that there may be several 
series of the Trust created pursuant to the Declaration of Trust and Trust 
Agreement of the Trust.
 
13