 EX-10.1 4 m0839exhibit101.htm 2007-1 SUBI SERVICING SUPPLEMENT

EXECUTION COPY













FINANCIAL SERVICES VEHICLE TRUST,
as Vehicle Trust,


and


BMW MANUFACTURING L.P.,
as UTI Beneficiary,


and


BMW FINANCIAL SERVICES NA, LLC,
as Servicer and Sponsor


2007-1
SERVICING SUPPLEMENT
Dated as of November 2, 2007














------------------------------------------------------------------------



TABLE OF CONTENTS

              Page


              ARTICLE I -
              DEFINITIONS
              1

              1.1.
              Definitions
              1

              1.2.
              Interpretative Provisions
              9

              ARTICLE II -
              SERVICING OF THE 2007-1 LEASES AND 2007-1 VEHICLES
              9

              2.1.
              Identification of 2007-1 Vehicles and 2007-1 Leases;
              Servicing;
              Securitization Value.
              9

              2.2.
              Extensions; Monthly Payments; Term.
              10

              2.3.
              Representations, Reallocation and Repurchase of 2007-1 Leases
              and
              2007-1 Vehicles.
              10

              2.4.
              Collections and Payment Date Advance Reimbursement.
              12

              2.5.
              Net Deposits
              13

              2.6.
              Servicing Compensation.
              13

              2.7.
              Advances.
              14

              2.8.
              Third Party Claims
              14

              2.9.
              Contingent and Excess Liability Insurance Policies
              14

              2.10.
              Reporting by the Servicer; Delivery of Certain Documentation.
              15

              2.11.
              Annual Officers Certificate
              15

              2.12.
              Assessment of Compliance and Annual Accountants Attestation
              15

              2.13.
              Custody of Lease Documents and Certificates of Title
              16

              2.14.
              Servicer Defaults; Termination of Servicer.
              17

              2.15.
              Servicer Representations and Warranties
              19

              2.16.
              Appointment of Subservicer or Subcontractor.
              21

              2.17.
              Information to be Provided by the Servicer.
              22

              2.18.
              Remedies.
              23

              2.19.
              Purchase of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate; Redemption of the
              Notes;
              Repayment of the Trust Certificates.
              23

              2.20.
              Servicer Not to Resign.
              24

              ARTICLE III -
              MISCELLANEOUS
              24

              3.1.
              Termination of Supplement
              24

              3.2.
              Governing Law
              24

              3.3.
              Amendment
              24

              3.4.
              Relationship of this Servicing Supplement to Other Trust
              Documents
              25

              3.5.
              Binding Effect
              25

              3.6.
              Table of Contents and Headings
              26

              3.7.
              Counterparts
              26

              3.8.
              Further Assurances
              26

              3.9.
              No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies
              26

              3.10.
              No Petition
              26

              3.11.
              Limitation of Liability of Vehicle Trustee
              26

              3.12.
              Intent of Parties; Reasonableness
              26

              3.13.
              Series Disclaimer and Acknowledgment
              27





------------------------------------------------------------------------



2007-1 SERVICING SUPPLEMENT


This 2007-1 Servicing Supplement, dated as of November 2, 2007, is among 
Financial Services Vehicle Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (the Trust), 
BMW Manufacturing L.P., an Indiana limited partnership, as grantor and 
initial beneficiary of the Trust (in such capacities, the Grantor and the 
UTI Beneficiary, respectively) and BMW Financial Services NA, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (BMW FS), as servicer (in such 
capacity, the Servicer) and as sponsor (in such capacity, the Sponsor).


RECITALS


WHEREAS, the Grantor and UTI Beneficiary and The Bank of New York 
(Delaware) (as successor in interest to Chase Manhattan Bank Delaware), as 
trustee (the Vehicle Trustee) of the Trust, have entered into that 
certain amended and restated trust agreement, dated as of August 30, 1995, 
as amended and restated as of September 27, 1996, as further amended as of 
May 25, 2000 and December 1, 2006 (the Vehicle Trust Agreement), pursuant 
to which the purposes of the Trust are, among other things, to take 
assignments and conveyances of, and hold in trust and deal in various Trust 
Assets (as such term is defined in the Vehicle Trust Agreement);


WHEREAS, the parties hereto have entered into that certain servicing 
agreement, dated as of August 30, 1995 (the Basic Servicing Agreement 
and, as supplemented hereby, the Servicing Agreement), which provides for 
certain servicing obligations with respect to the Trust Assets; and


WHEREAS, the parties acknowledge that, in connection with the execution of 
the 2007-1 Vehicle Trust supplement to the Vehicle Trust Agreement, dated 
as of November 2, 2007 (the 2007-1 SUBI Supplement, and together with the 
Vehicle Trust Agreement, the SUBI Trust Agreement), pursuant to which one 
special unit of beneficial interest in the Trust (the 2007-1 SUBI) will 
be created, it is necessary and desirable to enter into a supplemental 
agreement to the Basic Servicing Agreement providing for specific servicing 
obligations in connection with the Trust Assets allocable to the 2007-1 
SUBI.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, 
and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of 
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:


ARTICLE I - DEFINITIONS


1.1.
Definitions.  Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined 
shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Basic Servicing Agreement 
or in the SUBI Trust Agreement, as the case may be.  Whenever used in this 
Servicing Supplement, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
words and phrases shall have the following meanings:


2007-1 Leases has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).


2007-1 SUBI has the meaning set forth in the 2007-1 SUBI Supplement.


2007-1 SUBI Supplement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


2007-1 Vehicles has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).


2007-1 SUBI Certificate has the meaning set forth in the 2007-1 SUBI 
Supplement.


Actuarial Payoff means the excess of the sum of the Monthly Payments 
remaining until the end of the related 2007-1 Lease and the Contract 
Residual Value over the remaining unearned rent charges, calculated using 
the actuarial method.


Advance means a Sales Proceeds Advance or a Monthly Payment Advance, as 
the context may require.


ALG means Automotive Lease Guide.


ALG Residual Value means the residual of the Vehicle set forth as the ALG 
Residual Value in the lease schedule attached as Exhibit A to the 2007-1 
SUBI Supplement.


Available Funds has the meaning set forth in the Indenture.


Basic Servicing Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


BMW Capital means BMW US Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company.


Cap Counterparty means JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as the 
cap counterparty under the Interest Rate Cap Agreement, or any successor or 
replacement cap counterparty from time to time.


Collection Period means the month immediately preceding the month in 
which the related Payment Date occurs (or, in the case of the initial 
Collection Period, the period commencing on September 1, 2007 and ending on 
October 31, 2007).


Contingent and Excess Liability Insurance Policies means those certain 
vehicle liability, excess liability and other Insurance Policies issued to 
the Servicer for the benefit of the Servicer, the Trust, the UTI 
Beneficiary, the Depositor or the Issuer from time to time, to the extent 
such Insurance Policies relate to the 2007-1 Vehicles, providing coverage 
for each accident and permitting multiple claims in any policy period 
subject to customary deductibles.


Cutoff Date means close of business on August 31, 2007.


Daily Advance Reimbursements means amounts collected and netted on an 
ongoing basis from SUBI Collections by the Servicer to repay Monthly 
Payment Advance amounts where a Monthly Payment Advance amount has been 
recovered in a subsequent payment made by the related Lessee in respect of 
the Monthly Payment due with respect to the related 2007-1 Vehicle.


Defaulted Lease means a 2007-1 Lease terminated by (a) the Servicer 
following a default by or bankruptcy of the related Lessee or (b) the 
Servicer because the related Vehicle has been lost, stolen or damaged 
beyond economic repair.


Defaulted Vehicle means a 2007-1 Vehicle related to a Defaulted Lease.


Deposit Date means the Business Day immediately preceding the related 
Payment Date.


Depositor means BMW Auto Leasing LLC.


Discount Rate means 9.05%.


Disposition Expenses means expenses and other amounts reasonably incurred 
by the Servicer in connection with the sale or other disposition of a 
Matured Vehicle or a Defaulted Vehicle, including but not limited to sales 
commissions, and expenses incurred in connection with making claims under 
any Contingent and Excess Liability Insurance or other applicable insurance 
policies.  Disposition Expenses will be reimbursable to the Servicer from 
amounts otherwise included in Sales Proceeds, Insurance Proceeds, and 
Termination Proceeds.


Early Termination Cost means the amount paid by a Lessee pursuant to the 
2007-1 Lease upon the termination of an Early Termination Lease and the 
return of the related 2007-1 Vehicle.


Early Termination Lease means a 2007-1 Lease terminated by the related 
Lessee prior to its Maturity Date.


End of Lease Term Liability means, with respect to a Matured Vehicle 
returned to the Servicer by the Lessee, the amount paid by such Lessee 
including any disposition fee, unpaid Monthly Payments due, Excess Mileage 
Payments and Excess Wear and Use Payments and any fees and taxes.


Excess Mileage Payments means  excess mileage charges payable by the 
Lessee under a 2007-1 Lease.


Excess Wear and Use Payments means amounts payable by the Lessee under a 
2007-1 Lease to repair damage to the related 2007-1 Vehicle outstanding 
upon return thereof to the Servicer.


Holder means the holder from time to time of a 2007-1 SUBI Certificate.


Indenture means that certain indenture, dated as of November 2, 2007, 
between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee.


Initial Note Balance means the initial principal amount of the Notes.


Insurance Proceeds means any recoveries or proceeds collected by the 
Servicer net of related Disposition Expenses under any insurance policy, 
including any self-insurance, and also including any vehicle liability 
insurance policy required to be obtained and maintained by the Lessee 
pursuant to the related 2007-1 Lease, any blanket or supplemental vehicle 
casualty insurance policy maintained by the Servicer and any other 
insurance policy relating to the 2007-1 Lease or the related Lessee, in 
each case in connection with damage to a related 2007-1 Vehicle or its 
loss, destruction or theft, except to the extent required to be paid to a 
Lessee.


Interest Rate Cap Agreement means the ISDA Master Agreement, the Schedule 
and the Credit Support Annex thereto, each dated as of the Closing Date, 
between the Cap Counterparty and the Issuer, and the Confirmations thereto, 
each dated as of the Closing Date, and entered into pursuant to such ISDA 
Master Agreement, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to 
time in accordance with the terms thereof.


Issuer means the BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1.


Lease Rate means for each 2007-1 Lease, the rent charge portion of each 
Monthly Payment, calculated on a constant yield basis at an imputed 
interest rate.  


Lease Term means the duration of a 2007-1 Lease, as extended pursuant to 
Section 2.2.


Lessee means the lessee of a 2007-1 Vehicle.


Like-Kind Exchange Program means the transactions contemplated by a 
certain Master Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 28, 1998, as 
amended as of January 2, 2007, between BMW Financial Services NA, Inc. 
(predecessor in interest to BMW FS) and Financial Services Remarketing, 
Inc., or any similar program or arrangement.


Liquidated Lease shall mean a 2007-1 Lease for which any of the following 
has occurred during a Collection Period (or, with respect to clause (d) 
below, on the Deposit Date immediately following such Collection Period):


      (a) the related Leased Vehicle was sold or otherwise disposed of by
      the Servicer following (i) such 2007-1 Lease becoming a Defaulted
      Lease or (ii) the scheduled or early termination (including any early
      termination by the related Lessee) of such 2007-1 Lease;


      (b) such 2007-1 Lease became a Defaulted Lease or such 2007-1 Lease
      terminated or expired more than 90 days prior to the end of such
      Collection Period and the related Leased Vehicle was not sold;


      (c) the Servicers records, in accordance with its customary
      servicing practices, disclose that all Insurance Proceeds expected to
      be received have been received by the Servicer following a casualty
      or other loss with respect to the related 2007-1 Vehicle; or


      (d) the Servicer shall have made a Sales Proceeds Advance with
      respect to such 2007-1 Lease.


Matured Lease means a 2007-1 Lease that has reached its Maturity Date.


Matured Vehicle means a 2007-1 Vehicle for which the related 2007-1 Lease 
has reached its Maturity Date.


Maturity Date means with respect to any 2007-1 Lease, the scheduled 
termination date specified in such 2007-1 Lease, as such date may be 
extended from time to time in accordance with Section 2.2.


Minimum Required Rating means, with respect to BMW Capital, a short-term 
unsecured debt rating of the commercial paper of BMW Capital (which 
commercial paper is guaranteed by Bayerische Motoren Werke 
Aktiengesellschaft) equal to or greater than "Prime-1" by Moody's and "A-1" 
by Standard & Poor's.


Monthly Payment means the fixed lease payment payable monthly by the 
Lessee in respect of a 2007-1 Lease and does not include other amounts 
payable by the Lessee, such as late charges, returned check fees, taxes and 
similar items (all of which will be payable to the Servicer.)


Monthly Payment Advance means the amount advanced by the Servicer to the 
Issuer on a Deposit Date equal to the unpaid Monthly Payment due from the 
related Lessee.


Monthly Remittance Condition means


(i)
(A) BMW Capital has the Minimum Required Rating and (B) no Servicer Default 
has occurred; or


(ii)
if (A) the Servicer obtains a Servicer Letter of Credit under which demands 
for payment may be made to secure timely remittance of monthly SUBI 
Collections to the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account and (B) the Indenture 
Trustee is provided with confirmation from each Rating Agency to the effect 
that the use of an alternative remittance schedule will not result in a 
Rating Event.  


Payahead Amount means payments remitted by the related Lessees in excess 
of the Monthly Payment and any fees with respect to a 2007-1 Lease.


Payment Date means the 15th day of each month, or, if not a Business Day, 
the next succeeding Business Day commencing with the first Payment Date on 
November 15, 2007.


Payment Date Advance Reimbursement has the meaning set forth in Section 
2.4(b)(i).


Purchase Option Price means the amount payable by a Lessee upon the 
exercise of its option to purchase a related Vehicle which amount equals 
(a) with respect to a Matured Vehicle, the Contract Residual Value plus any 
fees, taxes and other charges imposed in connection with such purchase and 
(b) with respect to a related 2007-1 Vehicle for which the related 2007-1 
Lease has been terminated early by the Lessee, the sum of (i) any unpaid 
Monthly Payments due, (ii) any fees, taxes and other charges imposed in 
connection with the related Lease, (iii) an early termination fee and (iv) 
the Actuarial Payoff.


Rating Event has the meaning set forth in the Indenture.


Reallocation Payment means, with respect to events causing the Servicer 
to have an obligation to repurchase a 2007-1 Lease and the related 2007-1 
Vehicle pursuant to Section 2.2 or 2.3, the Securitization Value of such 
2007-1 Lease as of the day on which the related cure period ended.


Recovery Proceeds means any Insurance Proceeds, any security deposit 
applied to an amount owed by a Lessee, any Total Loss Payoff, Early 
Termination Cost and End of Lease Term Liability received from a Lessee and 
any other net recoveries received by the Servicer with respect to the 
2007-1 Lease that have been charged-off, minus amounts included in such 
items that represent third-party charges paid or payable (such as fees, 
taxes and repair costs).


Regulation AB means Subpart 229.1100  Asset Backed Securities 
(Regulation AB), 17 C.F.R. §§229.1100-229.1123, as such may be amended from 
time to time, and subject to such clarification and interpretation as have 
been provided by the Commission in the adopting release (Asset-Backed 
Securities, Securities Act Release No. 33-8518, 70 Fed. Reg. 1,506, 1,531 
(Jan. 7, 2005)) or by the staff of the Commission, or as may be provided by 
the Commission or its staff from time to time.


Required Percentage means the holders of not less than 66 2/3% of the 
Outstanding Amount of the Notes.


Residual Value Loss means, in respect of a Collection Period, the amount, 
if any, by which the aggregate of Sales Proceeds and Termination Proceeds 
during such Collection Period are less than the aggregate ALG Residual 
Values of the related 2007-1 Leases.


Residual Value Loss Vehicle means, a 2007-1 Vehicle that has been sold 
and in respect of which (i) the Servicer has made a Sales Proceeds Advance 
and (ii) the Sales Proceeds Advance exceeds the Sales Proceeds or 
Termination Proceeds, as the case may be.


Sales Proceeds means, with respect to any 2007-1 Vehicle, all proceeds 
received from the sale at auction of such 2007-1 Vehicle, net of related 
Disposition Expenses.


Sales Proceeds Advance means the amount advanced by the Servicer to the 
Issuer on a Deposit Date equal to the Securitization Value of a 2007-1 
Lease relating to a 2007-1 Vehicle that, during the related Collection 
Period, became a Matured Vehicle and was not sold by the Servicer.


Securitization Rate means, with respect to a 2007-1 Lease, an annualized 
rate that is the greater of (a) the annual percentage rate for that 2007-1 
Lease and (b) the Discount Rate.


Securitization Value means, with respect to any 2007-1 Lease, (a) as of 
any date other than the Maturity Date of such 2007-1 Lease, the sum of (i) 
the present value (discounted at the Securitization Rate) of the aggregate 
Monthly Payments remaining on such 2007-1 Lease (including Monthly Payments 
due and not yet paid for which the Servicer has never made a Monthly 
Payment Advance) and (ii) the present value (discounted at the 
Securitization Rate) of the ALG Residual Value of the related 2007-1 
Vehicle and (b) as of the Maturity Date of the related 2007-1 Lease, the 
ALG Residual Value of the related 2007-1 Vehicle; provided, however, that 
the Securitization Value of a Liquidated Lease is equal to zero.


Servicer Letter of Credit means a letter of credit, surety bond or 
insurance policy issued by a depository institution, insurance company or 
financial institution having a short-term credit rating at least equal to 
the Required Deposit Rating and providing that the Indenture Trustee or 
Trust Agent, as the case may be, may draw thereupon in the event the 
Servicer fails to deposit SUBI Collections into the 2007-1 SUBI Collection 
Account on a monthly basis.


Servicing Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


Servicing Criteria means the servicing criteria set forth in Item 
1122(d) of Regulation AB, as such may be amended from time to time.


Servicing Fee means, with respect to the 2007-1 SUBI Assets, the fee 
payable on each Payment Date equal to, for each related Collection Period, 
one-twelfth of the product of (i) 1.00% and (ii) the aggregate 
Securitization Value of all 2007-1 Leases as of the first day of such 
Collection Period, calculated and paid based on a 360-day year consisting 
of twelve 30-day months (provided, that for the Collection Period relating 
to the November 15, 2007 Payment Date, the Servicing Fee will be equal to 
two-twelfths of the product of (i) 1.00% and (ii) the aggregate 
Securitization Value of the 2007-1 Leases as of the Cutoff Date).


Servicing Supplement means this 2007-1 servicing supplement to the Basic 
Servicing Agreement.


SUBI Collections means, with respect to any Collection Period, the net 
amount collected or received by the Servicer in respect of the 2007-1 SUBI 
Assets during such Collection Period of: (i) Monthly Payments (net of any 
Daily Advance Reimbursements); (ii) Sales Proceeds; (iii) Reallocation 
Payments made by the Servicer; (iv) Termination Proceeds; (v) Recovery 
Proceeds; and (vi) the price paid by the Servicer in connection with the 
Servicers purchase of certain Leases pursuant to Section 2.3(f) hereof and 
certain Matured Vehicles (to the extent not duplicative of any of clauses 
(i) through (v) above).


Subcontractor means any vendor, subcontractor or other Person that is not 
responsible for the overall servicing (as servicing is commonly 
understood by participants in the asset-backed securities market) of the 
2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 Vehicles but performs one or more discrete 
functions identified in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB with respect to the 
2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 Vehicles under the direction or authority of the 
Servicer or a Subservicer.


Subservicer means any Person that services the 2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 
Vehicles on behalf of the Servicer or any Subservicer and is responsible 
for the performance (whether directly or through Subservicers or 
Subcontractors) of a substantial portion of the material servicing 
functions required to be performed by the Servicer under this Agreement 
that are identified in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB.


Termination Proceeds means any Purchase Option Price received upon the 
purchase of a 2007-1 Vehicle by the related Lessee or the price received 
from the sale of a 2007-1 Vehicle to a dealer minus amounts included in 
either such price that represent reimbursement for third-party charges paid 
or payable (such as fees and taxes).


Total Loss Payoff means, with respect to a Vehicle that has been lost, 
stolen or damaged beyond economic repair, an amount paid by the Lessee 
generally equal to the deductible under the related insurance policy, 
unpaid Monthly Payments due, and any official fees and taxes and any other 
charges owed under the 2007-1 Lease.


Trust Agreement means that certain trust agreement, as amended and 
restated as of November 2, 2007, between the Depositor and the Owner 
Trustee.


Trust Certificate has the meaning set forth in the Trust Agreement.


Trust State means a state in which the Vehicle Trust has all licenses, if 
any, necessary to own and lease vehicles.


Vehicle Representation Date means, with respect to any 2007-1 Vehicle, 
the Cutoff Date.


Vehicle Trust Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


Vehicle Trustee has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


1.2.
Interpretative Provisions.  For all purposes of this Servicing Supplement, 
except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise 
requires, (i) terms used in this Servicing Supplement include, as 
appropriate, all genders and the plural as well as the singular, (ii) 
references to words such as herein, hereof and the like shall refer to 
this Servicing Supplement as a whole and not to any particular part, 
Article or Section within this Servicing Supplement, (iii) references to a 
Section such as Section 1.01 or an Article such as Article One shall 
refer to the applicable Section or Article of this Servicing Supplement, 
(iv) the term include and all variations thereof shall mean include 
without limitation and (v) the term proceeds shall have the meaning 
ascribed to such term in the UCC.


ARTICLE II - SERVICING OF THE 2007-1 LEASES AND 2007-1 VEHICLES


2.1.
Identification of 2007-1 Vehicles and 2007-1 Leases; Servicing; 
Securitization Value.


(a)
The Servicer hereby identifies, allocates and segregates as 2007-1 SUBI 
Assets the Vehicles more particularly described on Exhibit A hereto and the 
Leases relating to such Vehicles (respectively, the 2007-1 Leases and the 
2007-1 Vehicles); provided, however, that the 2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 
Vehicles as of any date of determination shall not include any Lease or 
Vehicle, respectively, that has been reallocated from the 2007-1 SUBI to 
the UTI or to an Other SUBI pursuant to this Servicing Supplement on or 
prior to such date.  Exhibit A shall set forth as to each 2007-1 Lease or 
2007-1 Vehicle, as the case may be, the (i) vehicle identification number, 
(ii) date of origination, (iii) the Securitization Value as of the Cutoff 
Date, (iv) ALG Residual Value, (v) the Monthly Payment and (vi) number of 
months remaining from the Cutoff Date to the month in which the Maturity 
Date occurs.


(b)
Notwithstanding the last sentence of the third paragraph of Section 2.1(a) 
of the Basic Servicing Agreement and the parenthetical provision in the 
first paragraph of Section 2.6 of the Basic Servicing Agreement, the 
Servicer will service the 2007-1 SUBI Assets in accordance with the 
customary and usual procedures of the Servicer in respect of automobile 
leases serviced by it for its own account.


(c)
The Servicer shall calculate a Securitization Value for each 2007-1 Lease.  



2.2.
Extensions; Monthly Payments; Term.


(a)
Consistent with its customary servicing practices, the Servicer may, in its 
discretion, modify or extend the term of a 2007-1 Lease or re-lease a 
2007-1 Lease; provided, that if (i) the Servicer makes an extension that 
exceeds six months or (ii) the related 2007-1 Lease as extended would 
mature later than three months prior to the Class A-3 Final Scheduled 
Payment Date or the 2007-1 Vehicle is re-leased, the Servicer shall, on the 
Deposit Date related to the Collection Period in which the Servicer 
discovers or is notified that such event described in clauses (i) or (ii) 
has occurred, (x) deposit or cause to be deposited into the 2007-1 SUBI 
Collection Account an amount equal to the Securitization Value (with 
respect to extensions) or the Contract Residual Value (with respect to 
re-leases) of the related 2007-1 Lease as of the last day of the related 
Collection Period and (y) direct the Vehicle Trustee to either reallocate 
such 2007-1 Lease and the related 2007-1 Vehicle from the 2007-1 SUBI to 
the UTI or cause such 2007-1 Lease and 2007-1 Vehicle to be conveyed to the 
Servicer as described in Section 2.3.


2.3.
Representations, Reallocation and Repurchase of 2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 
Vehicles.


(a)
The Servicer hereby makes to the other parties hereto and the parties to 
the SUBI Trust Agreement the representations and warranties contained in 
Section 2.15 hereof as to each 2007-1 Lease and 2007-1 Vehicle as of the 
Vehicle Representation Date.  The Servicer also hereby represents and 
warrants that aside from the selection criteria included in such 
representations and warranties it used no adverse selection procedures in 
selecting any of the 2007-1 Leases for inclusion in the 2007-1 SUBI and 
that aside from such criteria it is not aware of any bias in the selection 
of the 2007-1 Leases which would cause delinquencies or losses on the 
2007-1 Leases to be worse than any other Leases held by the Vehicle Trust; 
provided, however, that the Servicer can make no assurance as to the actual 
delinquencies or losses on the 2007-1 Leases.


Upon discovery by the Vehicle Trustee, the Servicer or the Indenture 
Trustee that any such representation or warranty was incorrect as of the 
date hereof and materially and adversely affects the interests of the Trust 
in the related 2007-1 Lease or 2007-1 Vehicle, the party discovering such 
incorrectness (if other than the Servicer) shall give prompt written notice 
to the Servicer.  Within 60 days after the Servicers discovery of such 
incorrectness or receipt of the foregoing notice, the Servicer shall cure 
in all material respects the circumstance or condition as to which the 
representation or warranty was incorrect as of the date hereof.  If the 
Servicer is unable or unwilling to do so within such period, it shall 
promptly (i) deposit or cause to be deposited into the SUBI Collection 
Account an amount equal to the Reallocation Payment and (ii) direct the 
Vehicle Trustee to cause such 2007-1 Vehicle and the related 2007-1 Lease 
to be conveyed to the Servicer as described in Section 2.3(h) below.  Such 
deposit of the Reallocation Payment shall satisfy the Servicers 
obligations pursuant to this Section, shall be deemed to constitute payment 
in full of the Reallocation Payment with respect thereto and shall cure any 
incorrectness of the related representation or warranty for purposes of 
this Agreement.  The Vehicle Trustee shall have no duty to conduct any 
affirmative investigation as to the occurrence of any condition requiring 
the repurchase of any 2007-1 Vehicle or 2007-1 Lease pursuant to this 
Section 2.3(a) or the eligibility of any 2007-1 Vehicle or related 2007-1 
Lease for purposes of the Agreement.


(b)
[Reserved].


(c)
The Servicer shall be required to repurchase a 2007-1 Vehicle and the 
related 2007-1 Lease and remit to the related 2007-1 SUBI Collection 
Account a Reallocation Payment for such 2007-1 Vehicle and 2007-1 Lease if 
the related Lessee moves to a state that is not a Trust State and such 
state does not become a Trust State within 90 days after the Servicer has 
become aware of such move.  The Reallocation Payment must be made by the 
Servicer on the next Deposit Date following the end of such 90-day period.


(d)
The Servicer shall be required to pay to the Trust any Monthly Payments 
(less any unearned rent charges calculated under the scheduled actuarial 
method) that have been forgiven in connection with a 2007-1 Lease pursuant 
to any new lease incentive program.


(e)
The sole remedy of the Trust, the Related Beneficiary and the Related 
Holder with respect to events causing the Servicer to repurchase certain 
2007-1 Vehicles as provided herein, shall be to require the Servicer to 
make the payment of the Reallocation Payment, as set forth herein.  The 
obligation of the Servicer under this Section shall survive any termination 
of the Servicer hereunder.


(f)
The Servicer may purchase a Matured Vehicle at any time.  In connection 
with the purchase by the Servicer of a Matured Vehicle pursuant to this 
Section, with respect to the related 2007-1 Lease, in the event that (i) no 
Sales Proceeds Advance has been made, the purchase price of such Matured 
Vehicle will equal the Contract Residual Value of such 2007-1 Lease as of 
the date of expiration and (ii) a Sales Proceeds Advance has been made, no 
additional amounts need be remitted by the Servicer except the excess of 
the Contract Residual Value over the ALG Residual Value; provided, however, 
that the Servicer shall relinquish all rights to reimbursement of any such 
Sales Proceeds Advance.


(g)
Immediately prior to the sale or disposition of a Matured Vehicle or a 
Defaulted Vehicle, the Servicer may reallocate such Matured Vehicle or 
Defaulted Vehicle from the 2007-1 SUBI to the UTI for purposes of 
implementing the Servicers like kind exchange program. In connection with 
such reallocation, the Servicer will cause to be deposited into the 2007-1 
SUBI Collection Account the Reallocation Payments no later than two 
Business Days after such reallocation, or, if the Monthly Remittance 
Condition is met, the Servicer shall be permitted to retain the 
Reallocation Payments received during a Collection Period until such 
amounts are required to be disbursed on the next Payment Date. Upon receipt 
of the Reallocation Payments, the 2007-1 SUBI shall have no claim against 
or interest in such Matured or Defaulted Vehicle


(h)
Upon the purchase by the Servicer of a 2007-1 Vehicle and the related 
2007-1 Lease pursuant to this Section, the Trust or the Vehicle Trustee on 
behalf of the Trust, as applicable, shall be deemed to transfer, assign, 
set over and otherwise convey to the Servicer, without recourse, 
representation or warranty, all right, title and interest of the Trust in, 
to and under such 2007-1 Vehicle and the related 2007-1 Lease, all monies 
due or to become due with respect thereto after the date of such repurchase 
and all proceeds thereof.  The Vehicle Trustee shall, at the written 
direction and expense of the Servicer, execute such documents and 
instruments of transfer or assignment and take such other actions as shall 
reasonably be requested by the Servicer to effect the conveyance of each 
such 2007-1 Vehicle and the related 2007-1 Lease pursuant to this Section, 
including the execution for filing by the Servicer with the related 
Registrar of Titles of an application for transfer of ownership of each 
such Vehicle to the Servicer.


2.4.
Collections and Payment Date Advance Reimbursement.


(a)
The Servicer shall, with respect to SUBI Collections and amounts in respect 
of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate, remit to the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account 
(i) all Monthly Payments, (ii) all deposits required by Section 2.2 of the 
Basic Servicing Agreement, (iii) all Reallocation Payments pursuant to 
Section 2.3 above, (iv) all Cap Payments or Cap Termination Payments; (v) 
all Advances and (vi) any Sales Proceeds or Termination Proceeds from the 
disposition of a Matured Vehicle at auction or through sale to a dealer for 
which the Servicer was reimbursed during the related Collection Period 
pursuant to Section 2.4(b)(i) from SUBI Collections, in each case, on the 
Business Day prior to the Payment Date for so long as the Monthly 
Remittance Condition is satisfied.  So long as the Monthly Remittance 
Condition is satisfied, the Servicer will remit all such amounts described 
in the preceding sentence within two Business Days of receipt to an account 
established and maintained by BMW Capital. If the Monthly Remittance 
Condition is not satisfied, SUBI Collections will be deposited into the 
2007-1 SUBI Collection Account within two Business Days of receipt. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, so long as BMW FS is the 
Servicer, BMW FS may withhold from the deposit into the 2007-1 SUBI 
Collection Account any amounts indicated on the related Servicer's 
Certificate as being due and payable to the Servicer.


Pending deposit into the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account, SUBI Collections 
may be employed by the Servicer at its own risk and for its own benefit and 
shall not be segregated from its own funds; provided, that the Servicer 
shall be permitted to apply Sales Proceeds for the acquisitions of leases 
and vehicles through the Like-Kind Exchange Program, in which case it shall 
remit a like amount from its own funds for allocation in the manner 
otherwise applicable to such Sales Proceeds.  Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary set forth herein or in the Vehicle Trust Agreement, amounts in 
the escrow account established pursuant to the Like-Kind Exchange Program 
shall not be subject to any lien so long as there is no Default under the 
Indenture.


(b)
Pursuant to the Payment Date Certificate, the Servicer shall allocate 
Available Funds on deposit in the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account with 
respect to the related Collection Period and instruct the Trust Agent to 
make, no later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time on each Payment Date, 
the following deposits and distributions in the following amounts and order 
of priority:


            (i)
            to the Servicer the sum of any outstanding Advances which have
            been outstanding as of the end of the related Collection Period
            for at least 90 days, and with respect to Vehicles that have
            become Residual Loss Vehicles during the related Collection
            Period, the aggregate Sales Proceeds Advances over the
            aggregate Sales Proceeds and Termination Proceeds
            (collectively, the Payment Date Advance Reimbursement);


            (ii)
            to or on behalf of the Servicer, the Servicing Fee in respect
            of the related Collection Period, together with any unpaid
            Servicing Fees in respect of one or more prior Collection
            Periods;


            (iii)
            to the Note Distribution Account, the Reserve Fund and
            Certificate Distribution Account, such distributions in the
            amounts and order of priority as set forth in Sections 8.04(a),
            5.04 and 10.01 of the Indenture; and


            (iv)
            to the Reserve Fund, all net investment earnings on the 2007-1
            SUBI Collection Account.


(c)
No trust account will be established to segregate any Payahead Amounts 
received by Lessees.


2.5.
Net Deposits.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this 
Servicing Supplement, for so long as BMW FS is the Servicer, the Servicer 
shall be permitted to deposit into the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account only 
the net amount distributable to the Issuer, as holder of the 2007-1 SUBI 
Certificate, on the related Deposit Date.  The Servicer shall, however, 
account to the Issuer, the Vehicle Trustee, the Trust Agent, the Indenture 
Trustee (or any successor to the duties of the Indenture Trustee), the 
Owner Trustee and the Noteholders as if all of the deposits and 
distributions described herein were made individually.  


2.6.
Servicing Compensation.


(a)
As compensation for the performance of its obligations under this Servicing 
Supplement, the Servicer shall be entitled to receive the Servicing Fee 
with respect to the 2007-1 SUBI Assets.  This Section 2.6(a) replaces 
Section 2.5(a) of the Basic Servicing Agreement with respect to the 2007-1 
SUBI Assets.


(b)
The Servicer shall also be entitled to additional servicing compensation 
with respect to the 2007-1 SUBI Assets in the form of, among other things, 
expense reimbursement and any other administrative fees or similar charges 
under the 2007-1 Leases, including but not limited to any late payment fees 
now or later in effect, extension fees and early termination fees.


2.7.
Advances.


(a)
On each Deposit Date, the Servicer will, subject to 2.7(c) make, by deposit 
into the SUBI Collection Account, a Monthly Payment Advance in respect of 
the unpaid Monthly Payment of a 2007-1 Lease.


(b)
On each Deposit Date, the Servicer may, in its sole discretion, subject to 
Section 2.7(c), make, by deposit into the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account, 
Sales Proceeds Advances.  After the Servicer has made a Sales Proceeds 
Advance with respect to a Matured Vehicle, the Issuer shall have no claim 
against or interest in such Matured Vehicle or any Sales Proceeds or 
Termination Proceeds, as the case may be, resulting from the sale or other 
disposition thereof.  If the Servicer shall sell or otherwise dispose of a 
Matured Vehicle after having made a Sales Proceeds Advance, the Issuer may 
retain all of such Sales Proceeds Advance, and the Servicer shall retain 
the related Sales Proceeds or Termination Proceeds, as the case may be, up 
to the Securitization Value of the related Lease, and will deposit any 
Sales Proceeds or Termination Proceeds, as the case may be, in excess of 
the Securitization Value into the SUBI Collection Account.  If the Servicer 
has not sold a Matured Vehicle within 90 days after it has made a Sales 
Proceeds Advance, it shall be reimbursed for such Sales Proceeds Advance as 
part of the Payment Date Advance Reimbursement in accordance with Section 
2.4(b)(i).  Within 30 days of receiving such reimbursement, if the related 
2007-1 Vehicle has not been sold, the Servicer shall cause such 2007-1 
Vehicle to be sold at auction and shall remit the proceeds associated with 
such auction sale to the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account.


(c)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Servicing Agreement, the 
Servicer shall be required to make Advances only to the extent that it 
determines that such Advance will be recoverable from future payments on or 
in respect of the related 2007-1 Lease or 2007-1 Vehicle.


2.8.
Third Party Claims.  The Servicer shall immediately notify the Depositor 
(in the event that BMW FS is not acting as Servicer), the Issuer and the 
Indenture Trustee (or any successor to the duties of the Indenture Trustee) 
upon learning of a claim or Lien of whatever kind of a third party that 
would materially and adversely affect the interests of the Depositor, the 
Issuer or the Trust with respect to the 2007-1 SUBI Assets.  


2.9.
Contingent and Excess Liability Insurance Policies.  So long as any 
Securities are outstanding, the Servicer shall maintain and pay when due 
all premiums with respect to the Contingent and Excess Liability Insurance 
Policies unless each Rating Agency has confirmed in writing that 
termination would not result in a Rating Event.  The Servicer shall 
maintain such Contingent and Excess Liability Insurance Policies that 
provide insurance coverage of at least $10 million per accident and permit 
multiple claims in any policy period.  


2.10.
Reporting by the Servicer; Delivery of Certain Documentation.  


(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date, and periodically thereafter as required in 
order to update the contents thereof upon any changes in the matters 
certified therein, the Servicer shall furnish to the Vehicle Trustee, the 
Trust Agent and the Related Beneficiary an Officers Certificate listing 
the officers of the Servicer involved in, or responsible for, the servicing 
of the 2007-1 Leases.


(b)
On or before each Determination Date, the Servicer shall, in addition to 
the information required in Section 3.1 of the Basic Servicing Agreement, 
include in the Officers Certificate provided for in such Section the 
amount of any reimbursement being requested pursuant to such Section for 
the related Collection Period from the 2007-1 SUBI Collection Account.


2.11.
Annual Officers Certificate.  The Servicer shall deliver to the Owner 
Trustee, the Indenture Trustee and each Rating Agency, within 90 days after 
the end of the Servicer's fiscal year (commencing with the fiscal year 
2007), an Officer's Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the 
Servicer, stating that (i) a review of the activities of the Servicer 
during the preceding 12-month period (or such shorter period in the case of 
the first such Officer's Certificate) and of the performance of its 
obligations under this Agreement has been made under such officer's 
supervision and (ii) to such officer's knowledge, based on such review, the 
Servicer has fulfilled all its obligations under this Agreement throughout 
such period or, if there has been a default in the fulfillment of any such 
obligation, specifying each such default known to such officer and the 
nature and status thereof.


2.12.
Assessment of Compliance and Annual Accountants Attestation.  (a)  Within 
90 days after the end of the Servicer's fiscal year (commencing with the 
fiscal year 2007), the Servicer shall:


            (i)
            deliver to the Issuer and the Administrator a report regarding
            the Servicers assessment of compliance with the Servicing
            Criteria during the immediately preceding calendar year, as
            required under Rules 13a-18 and 15d-18 of the Exchange Act and
            Item 1122 of Regulation AB.  Such report shall be addressed to
            the Issuer and signed by an authorized officer of the Servicer,
            and shall address each of the Servicing Criteria specified on a
            certification substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto
            delivered to the Issuer and the Administrator concurrently with
            the execution of this Agreement;


            (ii)
            deliver to the Issuer and the Administrator a report of a
            registered public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the
            Issuer and the Administrator that attests to, and reports on,
            the assessment of compliance made by the Servicer and delivered
            pursuant to the preceding paragraph.  Such attestation shall be
            in accordance with Rules 1-02(a)(3) and 2-02(g) of Regulation
            S-X under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act;


            (iii)
            cause each Subservicer and each Subcontractor determined by the
            Servicer to be participating in the servicing function within
            the meaning of Item 1122 of Regulation AB, to deliver to the
            Issuer and the Administrator an assessment of compliance and
            accountants attestation as and when provided in paragraphs (i)
            and (ii) of this Section; and


            (iv)
            if requested by the Administrator, acting on behalf of the
            Issuer, deliver to the Issuer and the Administrator and any
            other Person that will be responsible for signing the
            certification (a Sarbanes Certification) required by Rules
            13a-14(d) and 15d-14(d) under the Exchange Act (pursuant to
            Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) on behalf of an
            asset-backed issuer with respect to a securitization
            transaction a certification in the form attached hereto as
            Exhibit B.


The Servicer acknowledges that the parties identified in clause (a)(iv) 
above may rely on the certification provided by the Servicer pursuant to 
such clause in signing a Sarbanes Certification and filing such with the 
Commission.  The Administrator, acting on behalf of the Issuer, will not 
request delivery of a certification under clause (a)(iv) above unless the 
Depositor is required under the Exchange Act to file an annual report on 
Form 10-K with respect to an Issuer whose asset pool includes the 2007-1 
SUBI Certificate.


(b)
Each assessment of compliance provided by a Subservicer pursuant to Section 
2.16 shall address each of the Servicing Criteria specified on a 
certification to be delivered to the Servicer, Issuer and the Administrator 
on or prior to the date of such appointment.  An assessment of compliance 
provided by a Subcontractor pursuant to Section 2.12(a)(iii) need not 
address any elements of the Servicing Criteria other than those specified 
by the Servicer and the Issuer on the date of such appointment.


2.13.
Custody of Lease Documents and Certificates of Title.  To reduce 
administrative costs and ensure uniform quality in the servicing of the 
2007-1 Leases and BMW FS own portfolio of leases, the Trust hereby 
appoints the Servicer as its agent, bailee and custodian of the 2007-1 
Leases, the certificates of title relating to the 2007-1 Vehicles, the 
insurance policies and insurance records and other documents related to the 
2007-1 Leases and the related Lessees and 2007-1 Vehicles.  Such documents 
will not be physically segregated from other leases, certificates of title, 
insurance policies and insurance records or other documents related to 
other leases and vehicles owned or serviced by the Servicer, including 
leases and Vehicles which are not part of the SUBI Assets.  The accounting 
records and computer systems of BMW FS will reflect the allocation of the 
2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 Vehicles to the SUBI, and the interest of the 
holders of the SUBI Certificate therein.  The Servicer may appoint one or 
more agents to act as subcustodians of certain items relating to the 2007-1 
Leases, the certificates of title relating to the 2007-1 Vehicles, the 
insurance policies and insurance records and other documents related to the 
2007-1 Leases and the related Lessees and 2007-1 Vehicles so long as the 
Servicer remains primarily responsible for their safekeeping.


2.14.
Servicer Defaults; Termination of Servicer.


(a)
Notwithstanding Section 4.1(a) of the Basic Servicing Agreement, the 
occurrence and continuation of any of the following shall constitute a 
Servicer Default under the Servicing Agreement:


            (i)
            the Servicer shall fail to cause the delivery to the Indenture
            Trustee for distribution to the Noteholders, to the Owner
            Trustee for distribution to the Trust Certificateholders or to
            the Vehicle Trustee for distribution to holders of interests in
            the UTI, the SUBI or any Other SUBI, any required payment,
            which failure continues for 5 Business Days after discovery of
            such failure by an officer of the Servicer or receipt by the
            Servicer of notice thereof from the Indenture Trustee, the
            Owner Trustee or Noteholders evidencing not less than a
            majority of the aggregate unpaid principal balance of the
            Notes, voting together as a single class; or


            (ii)
            the Servicer fails to duly observe or perform in any material
            respect any of its covenants or agreements in the Servicing
            Agreement not otherwise covered in this Section 2.14(a), which
            failure materially and adversely affects the rights of a Holder
            of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate, the Noteholders or Trust
            Certificateholders, as applicable, and which continues
            unremedied for 90 days after receipt by the Servicer of written
            notice thereof from the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders
            evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate unpaid
            principal balance of the Notes, or such default becomes known
            to the Servicer;


            (iii)
            any representation, warranty, or statement of the Servicer made
            in the Servicing Agreement, any other Basic Document to which
            the Servicer is a party or by which it is bound or any
            certificate, report or other writing delivered pursuant to the
            Servicing Agreement that proves to be incorrect in any material
            respect when made, which failure materially and adversely
            affects the rights of a Holder of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate,
            the Noteholders or the Trust Certificateholders, continues
            unremedied for 90 days after receipt by the Servicer of written
            notice thereof from the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders
            evidencing not less than a majority of the aggregate unpaid
            principal balance of the Notes, or such default becomes known
            to the Servicer;


            (iv)
            the entry of a decree or order for relief by a court or
            regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Servicer in
            an involuntary case under the federal bankruptcy laws, as now
            or hereafter in effect, or another present or future federal or
            state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law, appointing a
            receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian sequestrator
            or other similar official of the Servicer or of any substantial
            part of its property, the ordering the winding up or
            liquidation of the affairs of the Servicer and the continuance
            of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period
            of 90 consecutive days; or


            (v)
            the commencement by the Servicer of a voluntary case under the
            federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter in effect, or any
            other present or future or state bankruptcy, insolvency or
            similar law, or the consent by the Servicer to the appointment
            of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee,
            trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of
            the Servicer or of any substantial part of its property or the
            making by the Servicer of an assignment for the benefit of
            creditors or the failure by the Servicer generally to pay its
            debts as such debts become due or the taking of corporate
            action by the Servicer in furtherance of any of the foregoing.


provided, however, that any Servicer Default with respect to the 2007-1 
SUBI shall not constitute a Servicing Default with respect to any Other 
SUBI and any Servicing Default (as such term is defined in the Basic 
Servicing Agreement) with respect to any Other SUBI shall constitute a 
Servicer Default (as such term is defined in the Basic Servicing Agreement) 
only with respect to such SUBI and not with respect to the 2007-1 SUBI.


Notwithstanding the foregoing, delay in or failure of performance referred 
to under clause (iii) for a period of 120 days, under clause (i) for a 
period of 45 days or clause (iv) for a period of 60 days, will not 
constitute an Servicer Default if that failure or delay was caused by force 
majeure or other similar occurrence.  Upon the occurrence of any such 
event, the Servicer will not be relieved from using all commercially 
reasonable efforts to perform its obligations in a timely manner in 
accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement, and the Servicer will 
provide to the Indenture Trustee, the Vehicle Trustee, the Depositor and 
the Securityholders prompt notice of such failure or delay by it, together 
with a description of its efforts to so perform its obligations.


(b)
Upon the occurrence and continuation of any Servicer Default under the 
Servicing Agreement, the Servicer shall provide to the Indenture Trustee, 
the Owner Trustee, and any Noteholders prompt notice of such failure or 
delay by it, together with a description of its efforts to so perform its 
obligations.


(c)
In addition to the provisions of Section 4.1(b) of the Basic Servicing 
Agreement, if a Servicer Default shall have occurred and be continuing with 
respect to the 2007-1 SUBI, the Vehicle Trustee may, to the extent such 
Servicer Default relates to the SUBI Assets, upon the direction of the 
holder and pledgee of the SUBI Certificates, terminate all of the rights 
and obligations of the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement with respect 
to the SUBI Assets.  For purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, 
the holder of the SUBI Certificate will be the Indenture Trustee acting at 
the direction of Noteholders holding not less than the Required Percentage, 
so long as any Notes are outstanding.  In each case, upon written direction 
from the holder of the SUBI Certificate, the Vehicle Trustee will effect 
that termination by delivering notice thereof to the Servicer, with a copy 
to each Rating Agency or any other securities based on any Other SUBIs 
affected by that Servicer Default.


(d)
Upon the termination of the Servicer with respect to the SUBI Assets, the 
Servicer subject to that termination or removal will continue to perform 
its functions as Servicer, until the earlier of the date specified in the 
termination notice or, if no such date is specified therein, the date of 
the Servicers receipt of such notice.


(e)
In the event of a termination of the Servicer as a result of a Servicer 
Default with respect to the SUBI Assets only, the Vehicle Trustee, acting 
at the direction of the holder of the SUBI Certificate  which holder for 
this purpose will be the Indenture Trustee, acting at the direction of 
Noteholders holding not less than Required Percentage will appoint a 
successor Servicer.  The Vehicle Trustee will have the right to approve 
that successor Servicer, and that approval may not be unreasonably 
withheld.  


(f)
In the event the Servicer is removed with respect to servicing the 2007-1 
SUBI Assets, the Servicer shall be entitled to reimbursement for any 
outstanding Advances made pursuant to this Supplement, to the extent of the 
funds available therefore.


2.15.
Servicer Representations and Warranties.  Effective as of the date hereof, 
the Servicer hereby represents and warrants that each 2007-1 Lease and the 
related 2007-1 Vehicle:


(a)
was a new BMW vehicle at the time of origination of the Lease;


(b)
has a model year of 2005 or later;


(c)
provides for level payments that fully amortize the adjusted capitalized 
cost of the 2007-1 Lease at the related Lease Rate to the related Contract 
Residual Value over the lease term and, in the event of a lessee initiated 
early termination, provides for payment of the Early Termination Cost;


(d)
was originated on or after December 30, 2005;


(e)
has a Maturity Date on or after the February 2008 Payment Date and no later 
than the August 2012 Payment Date;


(f)
is not more than 29 days past due as of the Cutoff Date;


(g)
was originated by BMW FS in the United States for a Lessee with a U.S. 
address in the ordinary course of BMW FS business and in compliance with 
BMW FS customary credit policies and practices;


(h)
is a U.S. dollar-denominated obligation;


(i)
provides for constant Monthly Payments to be made by the Lessee over the 
Lease Term;


(j)
is a Lease as to which no selection procedure aside from those specified 
herein was used that was believed to be adverse to the holders of interests 
in the Vehicle Trust, the SUBI or any Other SUBI;


(k)
was created in compliance in all material respects with all applicable 
federal and state laws, including consumer credit, truth in lending, equal 
credit opportunity and applicable disclosure laws;


(l)
as of the date assigned to the Vehicle Trust, (a) is a legal, valid and 
binding payment obligation of the Lessee, enforceable against the Lessee in 
accordance with its terms, as amended, (b) has not been satisfied, 
subordinated, rescinded, canceled or terminated, (c) no right of 
rescission, setoff, counterclaim or defense has been asserted or threatened 
in writing and (d) no written default notice has been transmitted to BMW 
FS;


(m)
an electronic executed copy of the documentation associated therewith is 
located at one of BMW FS offices;


(n)
requires the Lessee to obtain physical damage and liability insurance that 
names the lessor as loss payee covering the related 2007-1 Vehicle as 
required under the 2007-1 Lease;


(o)
has been validly assigned to the Vehicle Trust by the related Center and is 
owned by the Vehicle Trust, free of all liens, encumbrances or rights of 
others other than liens relating to administration of title and tax issues;


(p)
all material consents, licenses, approvals or authorizations of, or 
registrations or declarations with, any governmental authority required to 
be obtained, effected or given by the Vehicle Trust and the Vehicle Trustee 
in connection with (i) the origination of such Lease and (ii) the 
execution, delivery and performance by the Vehicle Trust of the Lease have 
been duly obtained, effected or given and are in full force and effect as 
of the date of the origination of such Lease;


(q)
the related Center, BMW FS and the Vehicle Trust have each satisfied all 
obligations required to be fulfilled on its part with respect thereto;


(r)
the related Lessee has a billing address in a Trust State and is not BMW 
FS, the Depositor or any of their respective affiliates;


(s)
the related certificate of title is registered in the name of the Vehicle 
Trust or the Vehicle Trustee (or a properly completed application for such 
certificate of title has been submitted to the appropriate titling 
authority);


(t)
is a closed-end lease that required all Monthly Payments to be made within 
60 months of the date of origination of such lease;


(u)
is fully assignable and does not require the consent of the Lessee as a 
condition to any transfer, sale or assignment of the rights of the 
originator;


(v)
has not been deferred or otherwise modified except in accordance with BMW 
FS normal credit and collection policies and practices;


(w)
is not an Other SUBI Asset;


(x)
to the knowledge of BMW FS, the related Lessee is not currently the subject 
of a bankruptcy proceeding; and


(y)
the related 2007-1 Lease constitutes chattel paper for purposes of the 
UCC.


2.16.
Appointment of Subservicer or Subcontractor.  


(a)
The Servicer may at any time appoint a subservicer to perform all or any 
portion of its obligations as Servicer hereunder; provided however, that 
the Servicer shall remain obligated and be liable to the Owner Trustee, the 
Indenture Trustee and the Securityholders for the servicing and 
administering of the 2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 Vehicles in accordance with 
the provisions hereof without diminution of such obligation and liability 
by virtue of the appointment of such subservicer and to the same extent and 
under the same terms and conditions as if the Servicer alone were servicing 
and administering the 2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 Vehicles. The fees and 
expenses of any subservicer shall be as agreed between the Servicer and 
such subservicer from time to time, and none of the Owner Trustee, the 
Indenture Trustee, the Issuer or the Securityholders shall have any 
responsibility therefor.


(b)
The Servicer shall cause any Subservicer used by the Servicer (or by any 
Subservicer) for the benefit of the Issuer to comply with the reporting and 
compliance provisions of this Agreement to the same extent as if such 
Subservicer were the Servicer, and to provide the information required with 
respect to such Subservicer as is required to file all required reports 
with the Commission.  The Servicer shall be responsible for obtaining from 
each Subservicer and delivering to the Issuer and the Administrator any 
servicer compliance statement required to be delivered by such Subservicer 
under Section 2.11, any assessment of compliance and attestation required 
to be delivered by such Subservicer under Section 2.12 and any 
certification required to be delivered to the Person that will be 
responsible for signing the Sarbanes Certification under Section 
2.12(a)(iv) as and when required to be delivered.


(c)
The Servicer shall promptly upon request provide to the Issuer or the 
Administrator, acting on behalf of the Issuer, a written description (in 
form and substance satisfactory to the Issuer and the Administrator) of the 
role and function of each Subcontractor utilized by the Servicer or any 
Subservicer, specifying (i) the identity of each such Subcontractor, (ii) 
which, if any, of such Subcontractors are participating in the servicing 
function within the meaning of Item 1122 of Regulation AB, and (iii) 
which, if any, elements of the Servicing Criteria will be addressed in 
assessments of compliance provided by each Subcontractor identified 
pursuant to clause (ii) of this paragraph.


As a condition to the utilization of any Subcontractor determined to be 
participating in the servicing function within the meaning of Item 1122 
of Regulation AB, the Servicer shall cause any such Subcontractor used by 
the Servicer (or by any Subservicer) for the benefit of the Issuer and the 
Depositor to comply with the reporting and compliance provisions of this 
Agreement to the same extent as if such Subcontractor were the Servicer.  
The Servicer shall be responsible for obtaining from each Subcontractor and 
delivering to the Issuer and the Administrator any assessment of compliance 
and attestation required to be delivered by such Subcontractor, in each 
case as and when required to be delivered.


2.17.
Information to be Provided by the Servicer.  


(a)
At the request of the Administrator, acting on behalf of the Issuer, for 
the purpose of satisfying its reporting obligation under the Exchange Act 
with respect to any class of asset-backed securities, the Servicer shall 
(or shall cause each Subservicer to) (i) notify the Issuer and the 
Administrator in writing of any material litigation or governmental 
proceedings pending against the Servicer or any Subservicer and (ii) 
provide to the Issuer and the Administrator a description of such 
proceedings.


(b)
As a condition to the succession to the Servicer or any Subservicer as 
servicer or subservicer under this Agreement by any Person (i) into which 
the Servicer or such Subservicer may be merged or consolidated, or (ii) 
which may be appointed as a successor to the Servicer or any Subservicer, 
the Servicer shall provide to the Issuer, the Administrator and the 
Depositor, at least 10 Business Days prior to the effective date of such 
succession or appointment, (x) written notice to the Issuer and the 
Administrator of such succession or appointment and (y) in writing and in 
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
Administrator, all information reasonably requested by the Issuer or the 
Administrator, acting on behalf of the Issuer, in order to comply with its 
reporting obligation under Item 6.02 of Form 8-K with respect to any class 
of asset-backed securities.


(c)
In addition to such information as the Servicer, as servicer, is obligated 
to provide pursuant to other provisions of this Agreement, if so requested 
by the Issuer or the Administrator, acting on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Servicer shall provide such information regarding the performance or 
servicing of the 2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 Vehicles as is reasonably 
required to facilitate preparation of distribution reports in accordance 
with Item 1121 of Regulation AB.  Such information shall be provided 
concurrently with the monthly reports otherwise required to be delivered by 
the Servicer under this Agreement, commencing with the first such report 
due not less than ten Business Days following such request.


2.18.
Remedies.  


(a)
The Servicer shall be liable to the Issuer, the Administrator and the 
Depositor for any monetary damages incurred as a result of the failure by 
the Servicer, any Subservicer or any Subcontractor to deliver any 
information, report, certification, attestation, accountants letter or 
other material when and as required under Article IV, including any failure 
by the Servicer to identify any Subcontractor participating in the 
servicing function within the meaning of Item 1122 of Regulation AB, and 
shall reimburse the applicable party for all costs reasonably incurred by 
each such party in order to obtain the information, report, certification, 
accountants letter or other material not delivered as required by the 
Servicer, any Subservicer, or any Subcontractor.  


(b)
The Seller shall promptly reimburse the Issuer and the Administrator for 
all reasonable expenses incurred by the Issuer or Administrator as such are 
incurred, in connection with the termination of the Servicer as servicer 
and the transfer of servicing of the 2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 Vehicles to a 
successor servicer.  The provisions of this paragraph shall not limit 
whatever rights the Issuer or Administrator may have under other provisions 
of this Agreement or otherwise, whether in equity or at law, such as an 
action for damages, specific performance or injunctive relief.  


2.19.
Purchase of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate; Redemption of the Notes; Repayment 
of the Trust Certificates.


(a)
The Servicer shall be permitted at its option (the Optional Purchase) to 
purchase the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate from the Issuer on any Payment Date 
if, either before or after giving effect to any payment of principal 
required to be made on such Payment Date, the Note Balance is less than or 
equal to 10% of the Initial Note Balance.  The purchase price for the 
2007-1 SUBI Certificate shall equal the Note Balance, together with accrued 
interest thereon up to but not including such related Payment Date (the 
Optional Purchase Price), which amount shall be deposited by the Servicer 
into the SUBI Collection Account on the Deposit Date related to such 
Payment Date.  If the Servicer exercises the Optional Purchase, the Notes 
shall be redeemed and the Trust Certificates shall be repaid, in each case 
in whole but not in part on the related Payment Date.


(b)
Notice of any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Section 2.19 shall 
be given by the Servicer or Administrator to the Owner Trustee and the 
Indenture Trustee as soon as practicable.  The Administrator or the Owner 
Trustee shall furnish each Rating Agency notice of such redemption.


(c)
Following the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture and the payment 
in full of the principal of and interest on the Notes, the Trust 
Certificateholders will succeed to the rights of the Noteholders hereunder 
and the Owner Trustee will succeed to the rights of, and assume the 
obligations to make payments to Trust Certificateholders of, the Indenture 
Trustee pursuant to this Agreement.


2.20.
Servicer Not to Resign.  


Subject to Sections 2.10 and 4.1(b) of the Basic Servicing Agreement, the 
Servicer shall not resign from the obligations and duties imposed on it by 
this Supplement as Servicer except upon a determination that the 
performance of its duties under this Supplement shall no longer be 
permissible under applicable law.  Notice of any determination that the 
performance by the Servicer of its duties hereunder is no longer permitted 
under applicable law shall be communicated to the Owner Trustee, the 
Indenture Trustee and the Vehicle Trustee at the earliest practicable time 
(and, if such communication is not in writing, shall be confirmed in 
writing at the earliest practicable time) and any such determination shall 
be evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel to such effect delivered by the 
Servicer to the Owner Trustee, the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee 
concurrently with or promptly after such notice. No resignation of the 
Servicer shall become effective until a successor Servicer acceptable to 
the Indenture Trustee has assumed the responsibilities and obligations of 
the resigning Servicer. If no Servicer has been appointed within 30 days of 
resignation or removal, or the date upon which any regulatory authority 
requires such resignation, the Indenture Trustee may petition any court of 
competent jurisdiction for such appointment.


ARTICLE III - MISCELLANEOUS


3.1.
Termination of Supplement.  This Servicing Supplement shall terminate upon 
the termination of the 2007-1 SUBI or the discharge of the Servicer 
pursuant to Section 2.14.   Any such termination hereunder shall effect a 
termination only with respect to the 2007-1 SUBI Assets and not as to Trust 
Assets allocated to any other Sub-Trust, and shall not effect a termination 
of the Basic Servicing Agreement or any other Servicing Supplement.


3.2.
Governing Law.  This Servicing Supplement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York 
without regard to any otherwise applicable principles of conflicts of laws 
(other than Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law).


3.3.
Amendment.  (a)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Servicing Supplement 
(and, accordingly, the Basic Servicing Agreement, insofar as it relates to 
the 2007-1 SUBI) may be amended from time to time by the parties hereto:


            (i)
            without the consent of the Noteholders; provided, that any such
            action will not, in the good faith judgment of the parties
            hereto, materially and adversely affect the interest of any
            Noteholder; and


            (ii)
            from time to time (including to change the remittance schedule
            for depositing SUBI Collections and other amounts into the
            2007-1 SUBI Collection Account) upon receipt of the consent of
            the Noteholders holding at least a majority of the aggregate
            principal balance of the Notes and, to the extent affected
            thereby, the consent of Trust Certificateholders holding at
            least a majority of the aggregate principal balance of the
            Certificates, for the purpose of adding any provision to, or
            changing in any manner the rights of the Notes or Certificates,
            provided however, that to the extent that any such amendment
            materially affects the UTI or any Other SUBI, the 2007-1 SUBI
            Certificate or the 2007-1 SUBI Assets, such amendment shall
            require the consent of at least a majority of the Holders
            affected thereby; in addition, to the extent that (A) such
            amendment shall increase or reduce in any manner the amount of,
            or accelerate or delay the timing of, collections or payments
            in respect of the 2007-1 SUBI or the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate or
            distributions required to be made on any Securities or (B)
            reduce the percentage of the aggregate principal amount of
            Securities required to consent to any such amendment, any such
            amendment shall require the consent of all the Holders or
            holders of 100% of all outstanding Securities, as the case may
            be.


(b)
In connection with any amendment to this Supplement, an Opinion of Counsel 
is required to be delivered to the Vehicle Trustee to the effect that after 
such amendment, for federal income tax purposes, the Trust will not be 
treated as an association (or a publicly traded partnership) taxable as a 
corporation.


(c)
Any amendment to this Supplement shall amend the Basic Servicing Agreement 
only insofar as such amendment relates to the 2007-1 SUBI.


(d)
Any amendment to this Supplement shall be deemed not to materially and 
adversely affect the interests of any holder of Notes, if the Rating Agency 
Condition is satisfied.


3.4.
Relationship of this Servicing Supplement to Other Trust Documents.  Unless 
the context otherwise requires, this Servicing Supplement and the other 
Trust Documents shall be interpreted so as to give full effect to all 
provisions hereof and thereof.  In the event of any actual conflict between 
the provisions of this Servicing Supplement and (i) the Vehicle Trust 
Agreement, with respect to the servicing of any Trust Assets, the 
provisions of this Servicing Supplement shall prevail and (ii) the Basic 
Servicing Agreement, the provisions of this Servicing Supplement shall 
control.


3.5.
Binding Effect.  The provisions of this Servicing Supplement shall be 
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their 
permitted successors and assigns, and all such provisions shall inure to 
the benefit of the Vehicle Trustee on behalf of the Trust.


3.6.
Table of Contents and Headings.  The Table of Contents and Article and 
Section headings herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not 
define or limit any of the terms or provisions hereof.


3.7.
Counterparts.  This Servicing Supplement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be 
an original, but all of which counterparts shall together constitute but 
one and the same instrument.


3.8.
Further Assurances.  Each party will do such acts, and execute and deliver 
to any other party such additional documents or instruments, as may be 
reasonably requested in order to effect the purposes of this Servicing 
Supplement and to better assure and confirm unto the requesting party its 
rights, powers and remedies hereunder.


3.9.
No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.  No failure to exercise and no delay in 
exercising, on the part of any party hereto, any right, remedy, power or 
privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single 
or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder 
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other 
right, remedy, power or privilege.  The rights, remedies, powers and 
privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exhaustive of any rights, 
remedies, powers and privileges provided at law, in equity or otherwise.


3.10.
No Petition.  The Servicer, by entering into this Supplement, hereby 
covenants and agrees that prior to the date that is one year and one day 
after the date upon which all obligations and payments under the related 
transaction documents have been paid in full, they will not institute 
against, or join in any institution against the UTI Beneficiary, the 
Vehicle Trustee, the Vehicle Trust, the Depositor, the Issuer, any other 
Affiliate or any beneficiary, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, 
insolvency or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under any United 
States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any 
obligations relating to any of the Basic Documents.


3.11.
Limitation of Liability of Vehicle Trustee.  Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein to the contrary, this instrument has been countersigned by 
The Bank of New York (Delaware) not in its individual capacity but solely 
in its capacity as Vehicle Trustee of the Vehicle Trust and in no event 
shall The Bank of New York (Delaware) in its individual capacity have any 
liability for the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or 
other obligations of the Vehicle Trust hereunder, as to all of which 
recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Vehicle Trust.  For all 
purposes of this Agreement, in the performance of any duties or obligations 
of the Vehicle Trust hereunder, the Vehicle Trustee shall be subject to, 
and entitled to the benefits of, the terms and provisions of Part VI of the 
SUBI Trust Agreement.


3.12.
Intent of Parties; Reasonableness.  The Servicer, Sponsor and Issuer 
acknowledge and agree that the purpose of Sections 2.12 and 2.16 of this 
Supplement is to facilitate compliance by the Issuer and the Depositor with 
the provisions of Regulation AB and related rules and regulations of the 
Commission.  


None of the Sponsor, the Administrator nor the Issuer shall exercise its 
right to request delivery of information or other performance under these 
provisions other than in good faith, or for purposes other than compliance 
with the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of 
the Commission thereunder (or the provision in a private offering of 
disclosure comparable to that required under the Securities Act).  The 
Servicer acknowledges that interpretations of the requirements of 
Regulation AB may change over time, whether due to interpretive guidance 
provided by the Commission or its staff, consensus among participants in 
the asset-backed securities markets, advice of counsel, or otherwise, and 
agrees to comply with requests made by the Issuer or the Administrator in 
good faith for delivery of information under these provisions on the basis 
of evolving interpretations of Regulation AB.  In connection with this 
transaction, the Servicer shall cooperate fully with the Administrator and 
the Issuer to deliver to the Administrator or Issuer, as applicable 
(including any of its assignees or designees), any and all statements, 
reports, certifications, records and any other information necessary in the 
good faith determination of the Issuer or the Administrator to permit the 
Issuer or Administrator (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to comply with the 
provisions of Regulation AB, together with such disclosures relating to the 
Servicer, any Subservicer and the 2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 Vehicles, or the 
servicing of the 2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 Vehicles, reasonably believed by 
the Issuer or the Administrator to be necessary in order to effect such 
compliance.


The Issuer and the Administrator (including any of its assignees or 
designees) shall cooperate with the Servicer by providing timely notice of 
requests for information under these provisions and by reasonably limiting 
such requests to information required, in the reasonable judgment or the 
Issuer or the Administrator, as applicable, to comply with Regulation AB.


3.13.
Series Disclaimer and Acknowledgment.  The parties hereto acknowledge and 
agree that the Trust is organized in series pursuant to Section 3804(a) and 
3806(b)(2) of the Business Trust Statute.  As such, the debts, liabilities, 
obligations and expenses incurred, contracted for or otherwise existing 
with respect to each series of the Trust shall be enforceable against the 
assets of such series of the Trust only, and not against the assets of the 
Trust generally or the assets of any other series of the Trust or against 
the Trustee of the Trust.  There may be several series of the Trust created 
pursuant to the Trust Agreement of the Trust



[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]




------------------------------------------------------------------------



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Servicing 
Supplement to be duly executed by their respective officers duly authorized 
as of the day and year first above written.


                                    FINANCIAL SERVICES VEHICLE TRUST, with
                                    respect to the 2007-1 SUBI


                                    By:
                                    The Bank of New York (Delaware), not in
                                    its individual capacity but solely as
                                    Vehicle Trustee





                                    By:              /s/ Kristine K. Gullo
                                    Name:   Kristine K. Gullo
                                    Title:     Vice President


                                    BMW MANUFACTURING L.P.,
                                    as UTI Beneficiary

                                    By:
                                    BMW FACILITY PARTNERS, LLC,
                                    as General Partner

                                    By:              /s/ Kerstin Zerbst
                                    Name:   Kerstin Zerbst
                                    Title:     President

                                    By:              /s/ Joachim Herr
                                    Name:   Joachim Herr
                                    Title:     Treasurer

                                    BMW FINANCIAL SERVICES NA, LLC,
                                    as Servicer


                                    By:              /s/ Kerstin Zerbst
                                    Name:   Kerstin Zerbst
                                    Title:     Vice President-Finance & CFO

                                    By:              /s/ Joachim Herr
                                    Name:   Joachim Herr
                                    Title:     Treasurer






------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT A




SCHEDULE OF 2007-1 VEHICLES



[Omitted.  Copies on file with the Servicer, the Indenture Trustee and the 
Owner Trustee.]




------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT B

FORM OF ANNUAL CERTIFICATION



            Re:
            The Servicing Agreement dated as of November 2, 2007 (the
            Agreement), among FINANCIAL SERVICES VEHICLE TRUST (the
            Vehicle Trust), BMW MANUFACTURING L.P. (the UTI
            Beneficiary) and BMW FINANCIAL SERVICES NA, LLC, as the
            sponsor (in such capacity, the Sponsor), as servicer (in such
            capacity, the Servicer).

I, ________________________________, the _______________________ of [NAME 
OF COMPANY] (the Company), certify to the Issuer and the Depositor, and 
their officers, with the knowledge and intent that they will rely upon this 
certification, that:


      (1)
      I have reviewed the servicer compliance statement of the Company
      provided in accordance with Item 1123 of Regulation AB (the
      Compliance Statement), the report on assessment of the Companys
      compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of
      Regulation AB (the Servicing Criteria), provided in accordance with
      Rules 13a-18 and 15d-18 under Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
      amended (the Exchange Act) and Item 1122 of Regulation AB (the
      Servicing Assessment), the registered public accounting firms
      attestation report provided in accordance with Rules 13a-18 and
      15d-18 under the Exchange Act and Section 1122(b) of Regulation AB
      (the Attestation Report), and all servicing reports, officers
      certificates and other information relating to the servicing of the
      2007-1 Leases and 2007-1 Vehicles by the Company during 2007 that
      were delivered by the Company to the Issuer and the Depositor
      pursuant to the Agreement (collectively, the Company Servicing
      Information);


      (2)
      Based on my knowledge, the Company Servicing Information, taken as a
      whole, does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
      omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
      in the light of the circumstances under which such statements were
      made, not misleading with respect to the period of time covered by
      the Company Servicing Information;


      (3)
      Based on my knowledge, all of the Company Servicing Information
      required to be provided by the Company under the Agreement has been
      provided to the Issuer and the Depositor;


      (4)
      I am responsible for reviewing the activities performed by the
      Company as servicer under the Agreement, and based on my knowledge
      and the compliance review conducted in preparing the Compliance
      Statement and except as disclosed in the Compliance Statement, the
      Servicing Assessment or the Attestation Report, the Company has
      fulfilled its obligations under the Agreement in all material
      respects; and


      (5)
      The Compliance Statement required to be delivered by the Company
      pursuant to the Agreement, and the Servicing Assessment and
      Attestation Report required to be provided by the Company and by any
      Subservicer or Subcontractor pursuant to the Agreement, have been
      provided to the Issuer, the Administrator, the Depositor, the
      Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee.  Any material instances of
      noncompliance described in such reports have been disclosed to the
      Issuer, the Administrator and the Depositor.  Any material instance
      of noncompliance with the Servicing Criteria has been disclosed in
      such reports.





                                    Date:
                                    _________________________



                                    By:  ________________________
                                    Name:  
                                    Title:




------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT C

SERVICING CRITERIA TO BE ADDRESSED IN ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE

The assessment of compliance to be delivered by the Servicer, shall 
address, at a minimum, the criteria identified as below as Applicable 
Servicing Criteria:

Reference
Criteria

 

 

General Servicing Considerations

 

1122(d)(1)(i)
Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other 
triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction 
agreements.

 

1122(d)(1)(ii)
If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, 
policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third partys 
performance and compliance with such servicing activities.

 

1122(d)(1)(iii)
Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up 
servicer for the receivables are maintained.
N/A
1122(d)(1)(iv)
A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party 
participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in 
the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the 
terms of the transaction agreements.

 

 

Cash Collection and Administration

 

1122(d)(2)(i)
Payments on receivables are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank 
accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days 
following receipt, or such other number of days specified in the 
transaction agreements.

 

1122(d)(2)(ii)
Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an 
investor are made only by authorized personnel..

 

1122(d)(2)(iii)
Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or 
distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, 
are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements.

 

1122(d)(2)(iv)
The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or 
accounts established as a form of overcollateralization, are separately 
maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the 
transaction agreements.

 

1122(d)(2)(v)
Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository 
institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of 
this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to 
a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that 
meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act.

 

1122(d)(2)(vi)
Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access.

 

1122(d)(2)(vii)
 Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed 
securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related 
bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A) mathematically 
accurate; (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement 
cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction 
agreements; (C) reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who 
prepared the reconciliation; and (D) contain explanations for reconciling 
items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of 
their original identification, or such other number of days specified in 
the transaction agreements.

 

 

Investor Remittances and Reporting

 

1122(d)(3)(i)
Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are 
maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable 
Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared in 
accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction 
agreements; (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms 
specified in the transaction agreements; (C) are filed with the Commission 
as required by its rules and regulations; and (D) agree with investors or 
the trustees records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number 
of receivables serviced by the Servicer.

 

1122(d)(3)(ii)
Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with 
timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the 
transaction agreements.

 

1122(d)(3)(iii)
Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to 
the Servicers investor records, or such other number of days specified in 
the transaction agreements.

 

1122(d)(3)(iv)
Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled 
checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements.

 

 

Pool Asset Administration

 

1122(d)(4)(i)
Collateral or security on receivables is maintained as required by the 
transaction agreements or related receivables documents.

 

1122(d)(4)(ii)
Receivables and related documents are safeguarded as required by the 
transaction agreements

 

1122(d)(4)(iii)
Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, 
reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in 
the transaction agreements.

 

1122(d)(4)(iv)
Payments on receivables, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the 
related receivables documents are posted to the Servicers obligor records 
maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other 
number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to 
principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the 
related receivables documents.

 

1122(d)(4)(v)
The Servicers records regarding the receivables agree with the Servicers 
records with respect to an obligors unpaid principal balance.

 

1122(d)(4)(vi)
Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor's receivables 
(e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by 
authorized personnel in accordance with usual customary procedures.

 

1122(d)(4)(vii)
Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications 
and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as 
applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with usual 
customary procedures.

 

1122(d)(4)(viii)
Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a 
receivable is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. 
Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other 
period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entitys 
activities in monitoring delinquent receivables including, for example, 
phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where 
delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment).

 

1122(d)(4)(ix)
Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for receivables with 
variable rates are computed based on the related receivables documents.

 

1122(d)(4)(x)
Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts): 
(A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligors receivables 
documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in 
the transaction agreements; (B) interest on such funds is paid, or 
credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable receivables documents 
and state laws; and (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 
calendar days of full repayment of the related receivables, or such other 
number of days specified in the transaction agreements.

 

1122(d)(4)(xi)
Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) 
are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated 
on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such 
support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior 
to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction 
agreements.

 

1122(d)(4)(xii)
Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on 
behalf of an obligor are paid from the servicers funds and not charged to 
the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligors error or 
omission.

 

1122(d)(4)(xiii)
Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business 
days to the obligors records maintained by the servicer, or such other 
number of days specified in the transaction agreements.

 

1122(d)(4)(xiv)
 Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and 
recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements.

 

1122(d)(4)(xv)
Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) 
through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in 
the transaction agreements.

 



                                      
                                    By:  _______________________________
                                    Name:
                                    Title:



