 EX-10.1 2 dex101.htm THIRD AMENDMENT TO 2004 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
Exhibit 10.1


THIRD AMENDMENT


TO


2004 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN


THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO 2004 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN (the Amendment) is made 
and adopted, effective as of September 12, 2007 (the Effective Date), by 
CALLWAVE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), with reference to 
the following facts.


RECITALS:

A. The Company previously adopted that certain 2004 Stock Option Plan dated 
effective April 27, 2004, (the Option Plan), and the stockholders and 
Board of Directors of the Company set aside thereunder One Million Seven 
Hundred Thousand (1,700,000) shares of Common Stock as of April 27, 2004, 
to permit certain additional administrative procedures in connection with 
the operation of the Option Plan.


B. Pursuant to the evergreen provisions of Section 5.1(b) of the Plan, 
the Board of Directors of the Corporation has approved the setting aside of 
an additional One Million Forty-Four Thousand Forty-Three (1,044,043) 
shares of Common Stock under the Option Plan, and the Company is executing 
this Amendment in order memorialize that action.


AMENDMENT:

NOW, THEREFORE, the Company hereby amends the Option Plan as follows:


1. INCREASE IN AUTHORIZED SHARES. Effective as of the Effective Date, the 
number of shares of Common Stock set aside under the Option Plan for the 
granting of options and issuance of shares of restricted stock thereunder 
is hereby increased by One Million Forty-Four Thousand Forty-Three 
(1,044,043) shares, to a total of Four Million Seven Hundred Seventy-Three 
Thousand Nine Hundred Sixty-Five (4,773,965).


2. MISCELLANEOUS. Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, the 
Option Plan is hereby ratified and confirmed and remains in full force and 
effect.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Third Amendment, 
effective as of the Effective Date described above.
 
CALLWAVE, INC., a Delaware corporation
By 	  	/s/ Jeffrey Cavins
  	Jeffrey Cavins
  	President and Chief Executive Officer