 EX-10 2 ex10transitionagmt.htm TRANSITION AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT 10.1

TRANSITION AGREEMENT

This TRANSITION AGREEMENT (Agreement) is entered into as of November 13, 
2007, by and between Acxiom Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), and Charles Morgan (Mr. Morgan), an individual residing in the 
State of Texas.

WHEREAS, Mr. Morgan is Company Leader, has served as an officer of the 
Company since 1972 and has served as Chairman of the Companys Board of 
Directors (the Board) since 1975;

 

WHEREAS, Mr. Morgan previously announced his intention to retire as Company 
Leader;
WHEREAS, Mr. Morgan has submitted a letter of retirement to the Board, 
which the Board has determined to accept;

WHEREAS, the Board desires to provide for a smooth and orderly transition 
of the Company Leader position and, to that end, has requested that Mr. 
Morgan serve as Interim Company Leader until the Board selects his 
successor;

WHEREAS, the parties desire to set forth all matters regarding Mr. Morgans 
retirement, his service as Interim Company Leader, and his service as a 
consultant to the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Board believes it is in the best interests of the Company and 
its stockholders to enter into this Agreement with Mr. Morgan.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and covenants herein, the 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Mr. Morgan and the Company 
agree as follows:

1.         Retirement and Transition. Mr. Morgans retirement as Company 
Leader and as a Board member, as well as from all other officer and 
director positions he holds with the Company, the Companys subsidiaries 
and its affiliates, is effective immediately. Also effective immediately, 
Mr. Morgan is appointed to the office of Interim Company Leader, to serve 
at the pleasure of the Board in such capacity until the effective date on 
which his successor becomes Company Leader but in no event later than June 
30, 2008 (the Transition Date).

2.         Compensation Until the Transition Date. Mr. Morgan will continue 
to receive his current salary of $815,000 per year, and all other 
compensation to which he is entitled in his current position as Company 
Leader, for his services as Interim Company Leader until the Transition 
Date, payable in accordance with Company policy; provided, however, that 
Mr. Morgan hereby waives any right he may have to compensation under any 
Company bonus plan, cash incentive plan or other such arrangement, 
including under the Acxiom Leadership Cash Incentive Plan. On the 
Transition Date, Mr. Morgan will also be compensated for all earned but 
unused vacation consistent with the Companys vacation policies, and will 
be paid any other compensation then due upon the effectiveness of his 
retirement under the Companys retirement plans. On the Transition Date, 
all compensation related to Mr. Morgans employment with the Company under 
all agreements and arrangements, including all perquisite, retirement, 
bonus and equity incentive programs, will cease, and no further 
compensation will be due from or paid by the Company to Mr. Morgan, except 
as expressly provided in this Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, except as 
expressly provided in this Agreement, Mr. Morgan agrees that he will not be 
entitled to receive any other payment, compensation or benefit from the 
Company or any of its affiliates in connection with his employment or 
service, the termination of such employment or service or

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

otherwise, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Company equity 
incentive plan, bonus plan, benefit plan or other compensatory plan or 
policy. Mr. Morgan further agrees that he is not entitled to any severance, 
change-in control-related or similar payments or benefits under any 
agreement, guidelines, plan, program, policy or arrangement, whether formal 
or informal, written or unwritten, of the Company or any of its affiliates.

3.         Consulting. Subject to the oversight and review by, and at the 
request of, the Board and the successor Company Leader, Mr. Morgan hereby 
agrees to provide the Company with the following consulting services (the 
Consulting Services) beginning on the Transition Date and continuing for a 
continuous period ending on the earliest of (i) the third anniversary of 
the Transition Date, (ii) at the election of Mr. Morgan, the first 
anniversary of a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A 
of the Internal Revenue Code (Section 409A) (a Change in Control Event
), and (iii) December 31, 2010 (the Consulting Term, and the final date 
of such Consulting Term the Final Date):

    (a)        assisting the new Company Leader, as reasonably requested by
    such new Company Leader, in maintaining and developing positive
    business relationships with customers, including facilitating client
    introductions, leading up to four large customer events per year and
    visiting existing or potential customers;

    (b)       advising the Company with respect to technological and
    technology strategy matters, including meeting as reasonably requested
    with the Company Leader, Chief Technology Officer and other company
    officers to discuss such matters;

    (c)        advising the Company with respect to pending or future
    acquisitions and dispositions;

    (d)       assisting in maintaining and developing relationships with
    the Companys strategic partners; and

    (e)        providing and assisting in such other services as may be
    reasonably requested by the Company, including with respect to business
    strategy and Company culture.

Mr. Morgan hereby covenants with the Company to (i) perform his functions, 
responsibilities and duties hereunder in a professional, competent manner 
consistent with industry standards, (ii) carry out his duties hereunder in 
good faith and in all respects consistent with the Companys written 
policies and procedures, and (iii) exercise the degree of care, diligence 
and skill that a reasonably prudent professional would exercise in 
comparable circumstances. Unless otherwise agreed, Mr. Morgan will not be 
required to render Consulting Services for more than 12 full business days 
during any calendar month. The Company will provide reasonable advance 
notice of any request for Consulting Services. The Company will provide Mr. 
Morgan with copies of any written policies and procedures adopted after the 
date hereof.

4.         Compensation. In addition to the payments set forth in Section 
2, the Company, in consideration for the services to be provided by Mr. 
Morgan hereunder and the other agreements and covenants of Mr. Morgan 
contained herein (including those contained in Sections 8 and 9 and the 
Release attached as Exhibit A (the Release) will make the following 
payments to, and for the benefit of, Mr. Morgan:

    (a)        Initial Payment. On the date hereof, the Company will pay to
    Mr. Morgan $3,000,000.

 
2

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (b)       Consulting Payments. Subject to the terms of this Agreement,
    during the Consulting Term, the Company will pay Mr. Morgan at the rate
    of $500,000 per annum for the Consulting Services. Such payments (each
    a Consulting Payment) will be due at the end of each calendar
    quarter, starting with the calendar quarter in which the Transition
    Date occurs. If Mr. Morgan dies or becomes totally and permanently
    disabled during the Consulting Term, no Consulting Payments due after
    the date of such death or disability will be made.

    (c)        Office Space and Support. Beginning on the Transition Date
    and continuing until the Final Date, the Company will provide Mr.
    Morgan with an office, assistant and technology support commensurate
    with his position as a senior consultant of the Company and as the
    Company deems reasonably necessary for Mr. Morgan to provide the
    Consulting Services as contemplated herein. The office will be at a
    location that the Company determines to be suitable for Mr. Morgans
    performance of the Consulting Services required under this Agreement.

    (d)       Expenses. The Company will promptly reimburse Mr. Morgan for
    all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by him in connection
    with the performance of the Consulting Services following his delivery
    of an accounting of those expenses to the Company in accordance with
    the Companys then-current travel and business expense policy.

    (e)        Independent Contractor Status. During the Consulting Term,
    Mr. Morgan will be an independent contactor of the Company. Nothing
    herein will be deemed to create any form of partnership,
    principal-agent relationship, employer-employee relationship or joint
    venture between the Company and Mr. Morgan. It is expressly understood
    that Mr. Morgan will not have the authority to bind the Company during
    the Consulting Term.

 

5.
Health Benefits.
    (a)        Until the Transition Date, Mr. Morgan will be eligible for
    such medical, disability, life insurance coverage, vacation, sick
    leave, holiday benefits and any other benefits, in each case as are
    customarily made available to the Companys executive officers, all in
    accordance with the Companys benefits program in effect from time to
    time.

    (b)       During the Consulting Term, Mr. Morgan will receive continued
    benefits (the Health Benefits) under the health plan  in which he
    participated on the Transition Date (or comparable substitute plan
    offered by the Company), upon the terms applicable on such date or as
    such terms may be amended or modified following the Transition Date.
    Any premium payments or other amounts owing in respect of such coverage
    will be paid by the Company during the Consulting Term.  Nothing in
    this Agreement will preclude the Company from amending or terminating
    any of the health plans or programs applicable to salaried employees or
    senior executives as long as such amendment or termination is
    applicable to all salaried employees or senior executives.  Mr. Morgan
    acknowledges that he has the right to elect continuation of his Health
    Benefits under COBRA as of the Transition Date and that he has
    instead elected to receive Health Benefits under this Section 5(b),
    which are provided as an alternative to COBRA continuation coverage. 
    As a result of such election, Mr. Morgan acknowledges that he will not
    be entitled to any additional continuation of Health Benefits pursuant
    to COBRA following the Consulting Term. 

 
3

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

6.
Treatment of Equity Awards
    (a)        Attached as Schedule A is a listing of all stock options
    (the Options) held by Mr. Morgan or any of his affiliates as of the
    date hereof, all of which are vested and exercisable. Mr. Morgan agrees
    that Schedule A accurately reflects all equity awards and their
    respective terms held by him as of the date hereof. All such awards
    were granted pursuant to the terms of the Companys Key Employee Stock
    Option Plan (1983), the Acxiom Corporation U.K. Option Scheme, or the
    2005 Equity Compensation Plan of Acxiom Corporation (collectively, the
    Plans). The Company hereby confirms that with respect to the Options,
    the underlying award agreements and the Plans that Mr. Morgans
    termination of employment hereunder on the Transition Date will
    constitute a termination of employment with the Company by reason of
    Retirement in Best Standing (as defined in the Companys
    administration guidelines), and as such, subject to the terms and
    conditions of this Agreement, and the applicable plan and award
    agreements, the Options will remain exercisable until the Expiration
    Date set forth on Exhibit A.

    (b)       Mr. Morgan hereby confirms and agrees to the following with
    respect to any of the Options for which the underlying Plans or award
    agreements specify certain prohibited activities and contain related
    forfeiture provisions: (i) a breach of this Agreement (including the
    covenants contained in Sections 8, 9, and 10) by Mr. Morgan at any time
    before the Final Date will be deemed a prohibited activity for purposes
    of such award agreements, regardless of whether such agreements or
    Plans specify a time period in which prohibited activity must occur for
    penalties to be applicable; and (ii) all remedies hereunder and under
    such agreements or Plans will be available to the Company in the event
    of such breach, including any right of the Company to require Mr.
    Morgan to disgorge profits on option gains. In the event of any such
    breach, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any underlying
    award agreement or Plan, all Options will be immediately forfeited and
    canceled. Mr. Morgan represents, warrants and agrees, with respect to
    all Options listed on Schedule A held by an affiliate of his (including
    Vantage Point Properties, LLP), that: (i) Mr. Morgan is the authorized
    signatory of such affiliate; and (ii) his signature hereto also
    constitutes such affiliate's signature hereto for the purpose of
    consenting to and agreeing with this Section 6.

7.         Release. In consideration of the promises, covenants and other 
valuable consideration provided by the Company in this Agreement including, 
without limitation, the Companys agreement to provide the compensation set 
forth herein, Mr. Morgan agrees that for him to be entitled to receive the 
payments and other benefits described in this Agreement, he will execute 
and deliver the Release on the date hereof.

8.         Non-Disclosure, Non-Solicitation, and Non-Competition Covenants
. As an inducement to the Company to enter into this Agreement, Mr. Morgan 
agrees as follows:

    (a)        Non-Disclosure. Mr. Morgan acknowledges that he has received
    and will continue to receive access to confidential and proprietary
    business information or trade secrets (Confidential Information)
    about the Company, that this information was obtained by the Company at
    great expense and is reasonably protected by the Company from
    unauthorized disclosure, and that Mr. Morgans possession of this
    special knowledge is due solely to his employment with the Company. In
    recognition of the foregoing, except for disclosure necessary in the
    course of Mr. Morgans duties hereunder, Mr. Morgan will not, at any
    time, disclose, use or otherwise make available to any third party any
    Confidential Information relating to the Companys business, including
    its products, services, and development methods and techniques; trade
    secrets, data, specifications, inventions, and research activity;
    marketing and sales

     
4

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

    strategies, information and techniques; long- and short-term plans;
    current and prospective, customer or vendor, supplier lists, contacts
    and information; financial, personnel and information system
    information; and any other information concerning the business of the
    Company which is not disclosed to, or known by, the general public or
    generally known in the industry.

 

(b)
Non-Solicitation.
        (i)        Mr. Morgan specifically acknowledges that the
        Confidential Information described in this Section 8 includes
        confidential data pertaining to current and prospective customers
        of the Company, that such data is a valuable and unique asset of
        the Companys business and that the success or failure of the
        Companys specialized business is dependent in large part upon the
        Companys ability to establish and maintain close and continuing
        personal contacts and working relationships with such customers,
        and to develop proposals which are specifically designed to meet
        the requirements of such customers. Therefore, until the Final
        Date, Mr. Morgan agrees that he will not, except on behalf of the
        Company or with the Companys express written consent, solicit,
        either directly or indirectly, on his own behalf or on behalf of
        any other person or entity, any customers with whom Mr. Morgan had
        contact (and any customers with whom Mr. Morgan has contact in the
        course of providing the Consulting Services) before the Final Date
        to take any action which could reasonably be expected to adversely
        affect the Company.

        (ii)       Mr. Morgan specifically acknowledges that the
        Confidential Information described in this Section 8 also includes
        confidential data pertaining to current and prospective employees
        and agents of the Company, and Mr. Morgan further agrees that until
        the Final Date, Mr. Mr. Morgan will not directly or indirectly
        solicit, on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person or
        entity, the services of any person who is an employee or agent of
        the Company or solicit any of the Companys employees or agents to
        terminate their employment or agency with the Company, except with
        the Companys express written consent. This Section 8(b)(ii) will
        not preclude Mr. Morgan from soliciting the employment of Sharon
        Tackett or Julie Passman (whether or not either individual is then
        in the employment of the Company) and will not preclude Mr. Morgan
        from soliciting the employment of any person whose employment with
        the Company previously ended for any reason other than a
        solicitation from Mr. Morgan.

        (iii)      Mr. Morgan specifically acknowledges that the
        Confidential Information described in this Section 8 also includes
        confidential data pertaining to current and prospective vendors and
        suppliers of the Company, and Mr. Morgan agrees that until the
        Final Date, Mr. Morgan will not directly or indirectly solicit, on
        his own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity, any
        vendor or supplier of the Company for the purpose of either
        providing products or services to do a business competitive with
        that of the Company, as described in Section 8(c)(i), or
        terminating or changing such vendors or suppliers relationship or
        agency with the Company.

 

(c)
Non-Competition.
        (i)        Mr. Morgan covenants and agrees that until the Final
        Date, he will not engage in or carry on, directly or indirectly, as
        an owner, employee, agent, associate, consultant, or in any other
        capacity, a business competitive with that conducted by the
        Company. A business competitive with that conducted by the
        Company will mean any

         
5

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

        business or activity involved in information management products,
        marketing solutions and other services related to customer
        acquisition, growth and retention, including data collection, data
        integration technology and services, database services, information
        technology outsourcing, consulting and analytics services and
        consumer privacy products and services, or any other significant
        business in which the Company is engaged in before or as of the
        date hereof, in each case where such products or services are
        competitive with those offered by the Company. To engage in or
        carry on will mean to have ownership in such business (excluding
        ownership of up to 1% of the outstanding shares of a
        publicly-traded company) or to consult, work in, direct or have
        responsibility for any area of such business, including but not
        limited to the following areas: operations, technology strategy,
        sales, marketing, product planning, research, design or
        development.

        (ii)       Until the Final Date, Mr. Morgan certifies and agrees
        that he will promptly notify the Company Leader and the Board in
        writing of his employment or other affiliation with any potentially
        competitive business or entity, prior to the commencement of such
        employment or affiliation.

    (d)       The parties intend that each of the covenants contained in
    this Section 8 will be construed as a series of separate covenants, one
    for each state of the United States, each county of each state of the
    United States, and each foreign jurisdiction in which the Company does
    business or is preparing to do business before the Final Date. Except
    for geographic coverage, each such separate covenant will be deemed
    identical in terms to the covenant contained in the preceding
    subsections of this Section 8. If, in any judicial proceeding, a court
    will refuse to enforce any of the separate covenants (or any part
    thereof) deemed included in those subsections, then such unenforceable
    covenant (or such part) will be deemed eliminated from this Agreement
    for the purpose of those proceedings to the extent necessary to permit
    the remaining separate covenants (or portions thereof) to be enforced.
    In the event that the provisions of this Section 8 should ever be
    deemed to exceed the time or geographic limitations, or the scope of
    this covenant is ever deemed to exceed that which is permitted by
    applicable law, then such provisions will be reformed to the maximum
    time, geographic limitations or scope, as the case may be, permitted by
    applicable law. The unenforceability of any covenant in this Section 8
    will not preclude the enforcement of any other of said covenants or
    provisions of any other obligation of Mr. Morgan or the Company
    hereunder, and the existence of any claim or cause of action by Mr.
    Morgan or the Company against the other, whether predicated on the
    Agreement or otherwise, will not constitute a defense to the
    enforcement by the Company of any of said covenants.

    (e)        If Mr. Morgan will be in violation of any provision of this
    Section 8, then each time limitation set forth in this Section 8 will
    be extended for a period of time equal to the period of time during
    which such violation or violations occur. If the Company seeks
    injunctive relief from such violation in any court, then the covenants
    in this Section 8 will be extended for a period of time equal to the
    pendency of such proceedings, including all appeals by Mr. Morgan.

9.         Ownership of Developments; Trade Secrets of Others. All 
copyrights, patents, trade secrets, or other intellectual property rights 
associated with any idea, concepts, techniques, inventions, processes, or 
works of authorship developed or created by Mr. Morgan during the course of 
his work for the Company or its clients, including past employment and with 
respect to the Consulting Services to be provided hereunder (collectively, 
the Work Product), will belong exclusively to the Company and will, to 
the extent possible, be considered a work made by Mr. Morgan for hire for 
the Company within the meaning of Title 17 of the United States Code. To 
the extent the Work Product may not be considered work made by Mr. Morgan 
for hire for the Company, Mr. Morgan agrees to assign, and automatically

 
6

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

assign at the time of creation of the Work Product, without any requirement 
of further consideration, any right, title, or interest Mr. Morgan may have 
in such Work Product. Upon the request of the Company, Mr. Morgan will take 
further actions, including execution and delivery of instruments of 
conveyance, as may be appropriate to give full and proper effect to such 
assignment. Mr. Morgan represents and covenants that his performance of all 
the terms of this Agreement will not breach any agreement to keep any 
proprietary information, knowledge or data acquired by Mr. Morgan in 
confidence or in trust. Mr. Morgan will not enter into any agreements, 
either written or oral, which are in conflict with this Agreement. For 
purposes of this Section 9, the term Company also will include any 
existing or further subsidiaries of the Company that are the operating and 
any other entities that directly or indirectly, through one or more 
intermediaries, control, are controlled by or are under common control with 
the Company through the Final Date.

10.       Company Remedies. Mr. Morgan acknowledges and agrees that the 
restrictions and agreements contained in this Agreement are reasonable and 
necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Company, that the 
services to be rendered by Mr. Morgan as Company Leader and during the 
Consulting Period as a consultant to the Company, are of a special, unique 
and extraordinary character. To that end, in the event of any breach by Mr. 
Morgan in the performance of his obligations under this Agreement, Mr. 
Morgan agrees that the Company would be entitled to injunctive relief, 
which entails that (i) it would be difficult to replace Mr. Morgans 
services; (ii) the Company would suffer irreparable harm that would not be 
adequately compensated by monetary damages; and (iii) the remedy at law for 
any breach of any of the provisions of Section 8 will be inadequate. Mr. 
Morgan further acknowledges that legal counsel of his choosing has reviewed 
this Agreement, that Mr. Morgan has consulted with such counsel, and that 
he agrees to the terms herein without reservation. Accordingly, Mr. Morgan 
specifically agrees that the Company will be entitled, in addition to any 
remedy at law or in equity, to (i) retain any and all payments not yet paid 
to him under this Agreement in the event of any breach by him of his 
covenants under Sections 8 and 9 hereunder, (ii) in the event of such 
breach, recover an amount equal to the payments previously made to Mr. 
Morgan under Section 4(a), multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which 
is 36 less the number of full months that have elapsed from the earlier of 
January 1, 2008 or the Transition Date until the date of such breach, and 
the denominator of which is 36, (iii) require Mr. Morgan to relinquish any 
Options as contemplated in Section 6(b), (iv) immediately terminate this 
Agreement, and (v) obtain preliminary and permanent injunctive relief and 
specific performance for any actual or threatened violation of this 
Agreement. This provision with respect to injunctive relief will not, 
however, diminish the right to claim and recover damages, or to seek and 
obtain any other relief available to it at law or in equity, in addition to 
injunctive relief.

11.       Return of Property. On the Transition Date and on the Final Date, 
Mr. Morgan will deliver to a designated Company representative all records, 
documents, hardware, software and other Company property and all copies 
thereof in Mr. Morgans possession. Mr. Morgan acknowledges and agrees that 
all such materials are the sole property of the Company, must be returned 
to the Company at any time upon request, and that he will certify in 
writing to the Company as requested that he has complied with this 
obligation.

12.       Non-Disparagement. Mr. Morgan agrees that he will not, and will 
use his reasonable efforts not to allow anyone acting on his behalf or at 
his direction at any time to, criticize, defame or disparage the Company or 
the Released Parties (as defined in Exhibit A hereto), their plans, or 
their actions to any third party, either orally or in writing; provided 
that the foregoing is not intended to place any limitation on Mr. Morgans 
ability to perform the Consulting Services in good faith consistent with 
the terms of this Agreement.

 
7

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

13.       Cooperation. Mr. Morgan covenants and agrees that until the Final 
Date he will cooperate reasonably and truthfully with the Company to the 
extent that it so requests in connection with any legal or business 
dispute, litigation or investigation concerning any matters which occurred 
during his employment with the Company or service to the Company hereunder 
or any matters in which he was involved or has knowledge. Mr. Morgan agrees 
to be available as reasonably requested by the Company or its counsel in 
any such matter. The Company will reimburse Mr. Morgan for reasonable 
travel and business expenses incurred by Mr. Morgan pursuant to this 
provision that are supported by receipts and other documentation as 
necessary to verify such expenses.

14.       Default in Payment. Should the Company default in timely payment 
on the due date of any payment or amount due under this Agreement, Mr. 
Morgan will give written notice of such default to the person specified in 
or pursuant to this Agreement to receive notice on behalf of the Company. 
The Company will have thirty (30) days after the receipt of such a notice 
of default to cure any payment default.

15.       Breach of this Agreement. If a court of competent jurisdiction 
determines that either party has breached or failed to perform any part of 
this Agreement, the parties agree that the non-breaching party will be 
entitled to injunctive relief to enforce this Agreement and that the 
breaching party will be responsible for paying the non-breaching partys 
costs and attorneys fees incurred in enforcing this Agreement.

16.       Reimbursements to Company. Mr. Morgan hereby agrees to promptly 
pay to the Company any amounts that the Compensation Committee of the 
Company reasonably determines (in a manner consistent with past practice) 
is owed by him to the Company with respect to any non-business related 
perquisites that may have been provided to him, including for personal use 
of the Company-leased aircraft.

17.       Indemnification. The Company will protect, indemnify and hold 
harmless Mr. Morgan against any claims or litigation, including any 
damages, liability, cost and reasonable attorneys fees as incurred with 
respect thereto resulting from his provision of the Consulting Services 
described herein, except to the extent resulting from the Mr. Morgans 
gross negligence or willful misconduct. Mr. Morgan will continue to be 
indemnified for acts and omissions occurring on or prior to the Transition 
Date to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law and pursuant to 
the corporate governance documents of the Company in accordance with their 
terms as in effect from time to time. The Company agrees that for purposes 
of this Section 17 it will interpret and/or apply any provision of 
applicable law or any corporate governance document relating to 
indemnification (including advancement of expenses) with respect to Mr. 
Morgan in a manner consistent with how such provisions are interpreted and 
applied by the Company to then-active executive officers of the Company. 
Mr. Morgan will be covered under the Companys directors and officers 
liability insurance policies in effect from time to time on the same basis 
that other former directors and officers are covered.

18.       Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a 
court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the 
remaining provisions will nevertheless continue in full force and effect.

19.       Ambiguities in this Agreement. The parties acknowledge that this 
Agreement has been drafted, prepared, negotiated and agreed to jointly, 
with advice of each partys respective counsel, and to the extent that any 
ambiguity should appear, now or at any time in the future, latent or 
apparent, such ambiguity will not be resolved or construed against either 
party.

 
8

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

20.       Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder will be 
in writing. Any notice or other communication hereunder will be deemed duly 
given if it is sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt 
requested, postage prepaid, and addressed to the intended recipient at the 
address maintained in the Companys records. Notices sent to the Company 
should be directed as follows:

                    Acxiom Corporation
                    1 Information Way
                    P.O. Box 8180
                    Little Rock, Arkansas 72203-0180
                    Attn: General Counsel
                     
 
With a copy to:
J. Allen Overby
                    Bass, Berry & Sims PLC
                    315 Deaderick Street, Suite 2700
                    Nashville, TN 37238
     
Notices sent to Mr. Morgan should be directed as follows:
                     
                    Mr. Charles Morgan
                    2908 Hood Street
                    Dallas, TX 75219
                     
 
With a copy to:
Gary Rothstein
                    Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP
                    101 Park Avenue
                    New York, NY 10178-0060
                 
Any party may send any notice or other communication hereunder to the 
intended recipient at the address set forth using any other means 
(including personal delivery, expedited courier, messenger services, 
facsimile, ordinary mail or electronic mail), but no such notice or other 
communication will be deemed to have been duly given unless and until it is 
actually received by the intended recipient. Any party may change the 
address to which notices and other communications hereunder are to be 
delivered by giving the other party notice in the manner set forth herein.

21.       Reimbursement for Fees. The Company will promptly reimburse Mr. 
Morgan for all reasonable legal fees and consulting-related expenses 
incurred by him in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement 
following his delivery of an accounting of these expenses to the Company.

22.       Counterpart Agreements. This Agreement may be executed in 
multiple counterparts, whether or not all signatories appear on these 
counterparts, and each counterpart will be deemed an original for all 
purposes.

23.       Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed 
under the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its 
conflict of laws principles.

24.       Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement will be deemed performable 
by all parties in, and venue will exclusively be in the state or federal 
courts located in the State of Delaware. Mr. Morgan and the Company hereby 
consent to the personal jurisdiction of these courts and waive any 
objection that such venue is objectionable or improper.

 
9

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

25.       No Assignment of Claims. Mr. Morgan will not assign or delegate 
any of his rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior 
written consent of the Company, and any attempted assignment without the 
Companys consent will be void ab initio. The Company may assign this 
Agreement to any successor of the Company or any purchaser of all or 
substantially all of its assets.

26.       Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement 
between the parties, and, except as otherwise provided herein, fully 
supersedes any and all prior agreements, understandings, or representations 
between the parties pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement.

27.       No Waiver. The Companys waiver or failure to enforce any term of 
this Agreement on one instance will not constitute a waiver of its rights 
under this Agreement with respect to any other violations.

28.       Binding Effect of Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon 
Mr. Morgan, the Company and their heirs, administrators, representatives, 
executors, successors and permitted assigns.

29.       Taxes and Withholding. To the extent required by the federal and 
applicable state income tax laws and regulations, the Company will withhold 
and deduct from compensation during the Consulting Period all required 
withholding and deductions.

30.       Application of Section 409A of Internal Revenue Code. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the provisions 
of this Agreement will be interpreted and applied in a manner that is 
consistent with Section 409A and any guidance issued by the United States 
Treasury Department thereunder; provided, that the Company will have no 
liability to Mr. Morgan on account of any term of this Agreements 
noncompliance with Section 409A.

[Signature Page to Follow]

 
10

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this 
Agreement as of the date first written above.

                        ACXIOM CORPORATION

 
By:
/s/ Jerry C. Jones
 
Name:
Jerry C. Jones
 
Title: Business Development / Legal Leader
                         
                         
 
/s/ Charles Morgan
                        Charles Morgan
 
Signature Page to Transition Agreement

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT A

RELEASE

This RELEASE (Release) is entered into as of this 13th day of November, 
2007 (the Effective Date), by and between Acxiom Corporation, a Delaware 
corporation (the Company), and Charles Morgan (Mr. Morgan), an 
individual residing in the State of Texas.

WHEREAS, this Release is executed pursuant to Section 7 of the Transition 
Agreement dated as of November 13, 2007, by and between the Company and Mr. 
Morgan (the Transition Agreement).

1.         Mr. Morgans Release. In consideration of the promises, 
covenants and other valuable consideration provided by the Company in the 
Transition Agreement and in this Release, Mr. Morgan hereby unconditionally 
releases and discharges the Company and its affiliates, and their current 
and former employees, officers, agents, attorneys, directors, and 
shareholders (collectively referred to as Released Parties) from any and 
all claims, causes of action, losses, obligations, liabilities, damages, 
judgments, costs, expenses (including attorneys fees) of any nature 
whatsoever, known or unknown, contingent or non-contingent (collectively, 
Claims), that Mr. Morgan had or has as of the date of this Release arising 
(i) out of Mr. Morgans hiring by, employment with, or retirement from the 
Company, and (ii) under any federal or state law, including, but not 
limited to, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, 42 U.S.C. §§ 
1981-1988, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Equal Pay Act, 
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Consolidated 
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986, the National Labor Relations 
Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, 
the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, the Workers Adjustment and 
Retraining Notification Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 
Arkansas or Texas labor codes and any provision of any state or federal 
Constitutions or common law.

This Release includes but is not limited to any claims Mr. Morgan may have 
for salary, wages, severance pay, vacation pay, sick pay, bonuses, 
benefits, pension, stock options, restricted stock units, overtime, and any 
other compensation or benefit of any nature. This Release also includes but 
is not limited to any and all common law claims including, but not limited 
to, claims for wrongful discharge, breach of express or implied contract, 
implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, intentional or negligent 
infliction of emotional distress, violation of public policy, defamation, 
conspiracy, invasion of privacy, and/or tortious interference with current 
or prospective business relationships. Furthermore, Mr. Morgan relinquishes 
any right to re-employment with the Company or the Released Parties. Mr. 
Morgan also relinquishes any right to further payment or benefits under any 
employment agreement, benefit plan or severance arrangement maintained or 
previously or subsequently maintained by the Company or any of the Released 
Parties or any of its respective predecessors or successors, except that he 
does not release any rights he has under the Transition Agreement. Mr. 
Morgan also does not release his right to enforce the terms of this Release 
or the Transition Agreement, his right to indemnification and advancement 
of expenses under any agreement he has entered into with the Company or 
under the Companys charter or bylaws, coverage under any director and 
officer liability insurance or under any applicable law relating to 
officers, directors or employees.

2.         No Claims Against Released Parties. Mr. Morgan warrants and 
represents that, to the full extent permitted by law, he will not bring 
against the Company or any of the Released Parties any claim or lawsuit 
seeking monetary damages that is related to any matters released by Mr. 
Morgan under Section 1 of this Release. Mr. Morgan agrees that if he brings 
or asserts any such action or lawsuit, he will pay all costs and expenses, 
including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred by the Company or the 
Released Parties in dismissing or defending the action or lawsuit. Nothing 
in this provision, however, will be interpreted to prevent Mr. Morgan from 
bringing a claim or lawsuit to enforce the terms of this Release or the

 
Release - Page 1
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Transition Agreement. This Section 2 will not apply to any claims Mr. 
Morgan may have asserting rights under the Older Worker Benefit Protection 
Act.

3.         Rescission. Mr. Morgan has been informed of his right to revoke 
this Release by informing the Company of his intent to revoke this 
Agreement within seven (7) calendar days following the Effective Date. Mr. 
Morgan has further been informed and understands that any such rescission 
must be in writing and hand-delivered to the Company or, if sent by mail, 
postmarked within the applicable time period, sent by certified mail, 
return receipt requested, and addressed as follows:

                    Acxiom Corporation
                    1 Information Way
                    P.O. Box 8180
                    Little Rock, Arkansas 72203-0180
                    Attn: General Counsel
                     
 
With a copy to:
J. Allen Overby
                    Bass, Berry & Sims PLC
                    315 Deaderick Street, Suite 2700
                    Nashville, TN 37238
                 
Mr. Morgan and the Company agree that if Mr. Morgan exercises this right of 
rescission, this Release will be null and void and Mr. Morgan will return 
to the Company any consideration paid or benefit provided pursuant to the 
Transition Agreement or this Release contemporaneously with the delivery of 
rescission notice. Mr. Morgan specifically understands and agrees that any 
attempt by him to revoke this Release after the specified period for 
rescission has expired is, or will be, ineffective.

4.         Breach of this Release. If a court of competent jurisdiction 
determines that either party has breached or failed to perform any part of 
this Release, the parties agree that the non-breaching party will be 
entitled to injunctive relief to enforce this Release and that the 
breaching party will be responsible for paying the non-breaching partys 
costs and attorneys fees incurred in enforcing this Release.

5.         Severability. If any provision of this Release is held by a 
court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the 
remaining provisions will nevertheless continue in full force and effect.

6.         Ambiguities in this Release. The parties acknowledge that this 
Release has been drafted, prepared, negotiated and agreed to jointly, with 
advice of each partys respective counsel, and to the extent that any 
ambiguity should appear, now or at any time in the future, latent or 
apparent, such ambiguity will not be resolved or construed against either 
party.

7.         Opportunity to Review. Mr. Morgan understands and agrees that he 
has been given at least 21 calendar days from the date he first received 
this Release to obtain the advice and counsel of the legal representative 
of his choice and to decide whether to sign it. Mr. Morgan acknowledges 
that legal counsel of his choosing has reviewed this Release, that Mr. 
Morgan has consulted with such counsel, and that he agrees to the terms 
herein without reservation. No payments or benefits pursuant to the 
Transition Agreement will become due until Mr. Morgan has executed this 
Release. Mr. Morgan represents and agrees that he has thoroughly discussed 
all aspects and effects of this Release with his attorney, that he has had 
a reasonable time to review this Release, that he fully understands all the 
provisions of this Release and that he is voluntarily entering into this 
Release.

 
Release  Page 2

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

8.         Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder will be 
in writing. Any notice or other communication hereunder will be deemed duly 
given if it is sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt 
requested, postage prepaid, and addressed to the intended recipient at the 
addresses maintained in the Companys records. Notices sent to the Company 
should be directed as follows:

                    Acxiom Corporation
                    1 Information Way
                    P.O. Box 8180
                    Little Rock, Arkansas 72203-0180
                    Attn: General Counsel
                     
 
With a copy to:
J. Allen Overby
                    Bass, Berry & Sims PLC
                    315 Deaderick Street, Suite 2700
                    Nashville, TN 37238
     
Notices sent to Mr. Morgan should be directed as follows:
                     
                    Mr. Charles Morgan
                    2908 Hood Street
                    Dallas, TX 75219
                     
 
With a copy to:
Gary Rothstein
                    Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP
                    101 Park Avenue
                    New York, NY 10178-0060

Any party may send any notice or other communication hereunder to the 
intended recipient at the address set forth using any other means 
(including personal delivery, expedited courier, messenger services, 
facsimile, ordinary mail or electronic mail), but no such notice or other 
communication will be deemed to have been duly given unless and until it is 
actually received by the intended recipient. Any party may change the 
address to which notices and other communications hereunder are to be 
delivered by giving the other Party notice in the manner set forth herein.

9.         Counterpart Agreements. This Release may be executed in multiple 
counterparts, whether or not all signatories appear on these counterparts, 
and each counterpart will be deemed an original for all purposes.

10.       Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed 
under the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its 
conflict of laws principles.

11.       Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement will be deemed performable 
by all parties in, and venue will exclusively be in the state or federal 
courts located in, the State of Delaware. Mr. Morgan and the Company hereby 
consent to the personal jurisdiction of these courts and waive any 
objection that such venue is objectionable or improper.

12.       No Assignment of Claims. Mr. Morgan represents and warrants that 
he has not transferred or assigned to any person or entity any Claim 
involving the Company or the Released Parties or any portion thereof or 
interest therein. The Company represents and warrants on its own behalf and 
on

 
Release  Page 3

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

behalf of its corporate affiliates that they have not transferred or 
assigned to any person or entity any Claim involving Mr. Morgan or any 
portion thereof or interest therein.

13.       Authority. The undersigned officer of the Company represents and 
warrants that he has authority to enter into this Release on behalf of the 
Company and its affiliates.

14.       Binding Effect of Release. This Release will be binding upon Mr. 
Morgan, the Company and their heirs, administrators, representatives, 
executors, successors and permitted assigns.

[Signature Page(s) to Follow]

 
Release  Page 4

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

BY SIGNING THIS RELEASE, MR. MORGAN ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE HAS CAREFULLY READ 
THIS RELEASE, THAT HE UNDERSTANDS ALL OF ITS TERMS, AND THAT HE IS ENTERING 
INTO IT VOLUNTARILY. HE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE IS AWARE OF HIS RIGHTS 
TO REVIEW AND CONSIDER THIS RELEASE FOR 21 DAYS AND TO CONSULT WITH AN 
ATTORNEY ABOUT IT, AND STATES THAT BEFORE SIGNING THIS RELEASE, HE HAS 
EXERCISED THESE RIGHTS TO THE FULL EXTENT THAT HE DESIRED. HE ALSO 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE WILL BE RECEIVING BENEFITS THAT HE WOULD NOT OTHERWISE 
BE ENTITLED TO RECEIVE EXCEPT BY VIRTUE OF HIS ENTERING INTO THIS RELEASE.

The parties have duly executed this Release as of the Effective Date first 
written above.

 
                        ACXIOM CORPORATION

 
By: /s/ Jerry C. Jones
 
Name:
Jerry C. Jones
 
Title: Business Development / Legal Leader
                         
                         
 
/s/ Charles Morgan
                        Charles Morgan
 
Signature Page to Release
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

SCHEDULE A
 
 
 
Grant Date
 
Plan
 
Shares Subject To Grants
 
Exercise Price
Per Share
 
Expiration Date
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10/13/1999
 
UK
 
73,024
 
$17.93
 
10/13/2014
08/09/2000
 
1983
 
12,589
 
$23.44
 
08/09/2015
08/09/2000
 
1983
 
40,316
 
$23.44
 
08/09/2015
08/09/2000
 
2005
 
19,898
 
$23.44
 
08/09/2015
08/07/2002
 
1983
 
51,474
 
$20.44
 
08/07/2017
08/07/2002
 
2005
 
53,503
 
$24.53
 
08/07/2017
11/10/1998
 
1983
 
8,577
 
$26.03
 
11/10/2013
11/10/1998
 
1983
 
4,980
 
$39.04
 
11/10/2013
11/10/1998
 
1983
 
5,663
 
$52.05
 
11/10/2013
05/26/1999
 
1983
 
93,592
 
$26.08
 
05/26/2014
05/26/1999
 
1983
 
34,623
 
$32.60
 
05/26/2014
05/26/1999
 
1983
 
37,719
 
$39.12
 
05/26/2014
 
 
 
 
435,958
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 