 EX-10.4 4 a07-25723_1ex10d4.htm EX-10.4
Exhibit 10.4
 
Document A111TM  1997
 
Standard Form of Agreement Between Owner and Contractor
where the basis for payment is the COST OF THE WORK PLUS A FEE with a 
negotiated Guaranteed Maximum Price
 
AGREEMENT made as of the Twenty-Fifth day of September in the year Two
Thousand and Seven
(In words, indicate day, month and year)
 
BETWEEN the Owner:
(Name, address and other information)
 
Diamond Jo, LLC
3rd Street Harbor
P. O. Box 1750
Dubuque, Iowa 52001
 
and the Contractor:
(Name, address and other information)
 
Conlon Construction Co.
1100 Rockdale Road (52003)
P. O. Box 3400
Dubuque, Iowa 52004-3400
 
The Project is:
(Name and location)
 
New Casino Facility
Diamond Jo Casino
Dubuque, Iowa
 
The Architect is:
(Name, address and other information)
 
YWS Architects
5005 West Patrick Lane
Las Vegas, Nevada 89118
 
The Owner and Contractor agree as follows.
 
ADDITIONS AND DELETIONS:
 
The author of this document has added information needed for its 
completion. The author may also have revised the text of the original AIA 
standard form. An Additions and Deletions Report that notes added 
information as well as revisions to the standard form text is available 
from the author and should be reviewed. A vertical line in the left margin 
of this document indicates where the author has added necessary information 
and where the author has added to or deleted from the original AIA text.
 
This document has important legal consequences. Consultation with an 
attorney is encouraged with respect to its completion or modification.
 
This document is not intended for use in competitive bidding.
 
AIA Document A201-1997, General Conditions of the Contract for 
Construction, is adopted in this document by reference. Do not use with 
other general conditions unless this document is modified.
 
This document has been approved and endorsed by the Associated General 
Contractors of America.
 
AIA Document A111TM  1997. Copyright ©1920, 1925, 1951, 1958, 1961, 1963, 
1967, 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The American Institute of Architects. 
All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. 
Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or 
distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it, may result in 
severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum 
extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software 
at 09:46:31 on 09/24/2007 under Order No. 1000311580_2 which expires on 
7/15/2008, and is not for resale.
User Notes:
(2365685923)
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 1 THE CONTRACT DOCUMENTS
 
The Contract Documents consist of this Agreement, Conditions of the 
Contract (General, Supplementary and other Conditions), Drawings, 
Specifications, Addenda issued prior to execution of this Agreement, other 
documents listed in this Agreement and Modifications issued after execution 
of this Agreement; these form the Contract, and are as fully a part of the 
Contract as if attached to this Agreement or repeated herein. The Contract 
represents the entire and integrated agreement between the parties hereto 
and supersedes prior negotiations, representations or agreements, either 
written or oral. An enumeration of the Contract Documents, other than 
Modifications, appears in Article 15. If anything in the other Contract 
Documents is inconsistent with this Agreement, this Agreement shall govern.
 
ARTICLE 2 THE WORK OF THIS CONTRACT
 
The Contractor shall fully execute the Work described in the Contract 
Documents, except to the extent specifically indicated in the Contract 
Documents to be the responsibility of others.
 
ARTICLE 3 RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES
 
The Contractor accepts the relationship of trust and confidence established 
by this Agreement and covenants with the Owner to cooperate with the 
Architect and exercise the Contractors skill and judgment in furthering 
the interests of the Owner; to furnish efficient business administration 
and supervision; to furnish at all times an adequate supply of workers and 
materials; and to perform the Work in an expeditious and economical manner 
consistent with the Owners interests. The Owner agrees to furnish and 
approve, in a timely manner, information required by the Contractor and to 
make payments to the Contractor in accordance with the requirements of the 
Contract Documents.
 
ARTICLE 4 DATE OF COMMENCEMENT AND SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION
 
§ 4.1 The date of commencement of the Work shall be the date of this 
Agreement unless a different date is stated below or provision is made for 
the date to be fixed in a notice to proceed issued by the Owner.
 
(Insert the date of commencement, if it differs from the date of this 
Agreement or, if applicable, state that the date will be fixed in a notice 
to proceed.)
 
(Paragraphs deleted)
Date of Commencement is July 18, 2007.
 
§ 4.2 The Contract Time shall be measured from the date of commencement.
 
§ 4.3 The Contractor shall achieve Substantial Completion of the entire 
Work not later than
(Paragraphs deleted)
October 31, 2008, based on 100% for construction documents provided to 
contractor. The actual substantial completion date to be finalized through 
Change Order No. 1.
4.3.1 Liquidated damages of $10,000 per day will be established once the 
construction documents are 100% complete and Change Order No. is finalized. 
The actual substantial completion date to be finalized through Change Order 
No. 1.
 
Portion of Work
 
Substantial Completion date
 
, subject to adjustments of this Contract Time as provided in the Contract 
Documents.
 
(Insert provisions, if any, for liquidated damages relating to failure to 
complete on time, or for bonus payments for early completion of the Work.)
 
AIA Document A111TM  1997. Copyright ©1920, 1925, 1951, 1958, 1961, 1963, 
1967, 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The American Institute of Architects. 
All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. 
Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or 
distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it, may result in 
severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum 
extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software 
at 12:13:58 on 09/25/2007 under Order No. 1000311580_2 which expires on 
7/15/2008, and is not for resale.
User Notes:
(2094456729)
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 5 BASIS FOR PAYMENT
 
§ 5.1 CONTRACT SUM
 
§ 5.1.1 The Owner shall pay the Contractor the Contract Sum in current 
funds for the Contractors performance of the Contract. The Contract Sum is 
the Cost of the Work as defined in Article 7 plus the Contractors Fee.
 
§ 5.1.2 The Contractors Fee is:
 
(State a lump sum, percentage of Cost of the Work or other provision for 
determining the Contractors Fee, and describe the method of adjustment of 
the Contractors Fee for changes in the Work.)
 
Contractors Fee is three and a half percent (3.5%) of the Cost of the 
Work. Upon acceptance by the Owner of the Guaranteed Maximum Price, the 
Contractors Fee will become fixed. Any additions, for changes in work, 
would be charged at the actual Cost of the Work plus the 3.5% Contractors 
Fee.
 
§ 5.2 GUARANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE
 
§ 5.2.1 The sum of the Cost of the Work and the Contractors Fee is 
guaranteed by the Contractor not to exceed Nineteen Million, Two Hundred 
Eighty-Three Thousand, One Hundred Ninety-Five Dollars and 75/cents 
($19,283,195.75   ), subject to additions and deductions by Change Order as 
provided in the Contract Documents. Such maximum sum is referred to in the 
Contract Documents as the Guaranteed Maximum Price. Costs which would cause 
the Guaranteed Maximum Price to be exceeded shall be paid by the Contractor 
without reimbursement by the Owner - per Exhibit A for reference only. The 
GMP is not a line item GMP, rather a total Lump Sum GMP. A savings cost and 
allocation of contingency to be stipulated in Change Order No. 1.
 
(Insert specific provisions if the Contractor is to participate in any 
savings.)
 
§ 5.2.2 The Guaranteed Maximum Price is based on the following alternates, 
if any, which are described in the Contract Documents and are hereby 
accepted by the Owner:
 
(State the numbers or other identification of accepted alternates. If 
decisions on other alternates are to be made by the Owner subsequent to the 
execution of this Agreement, attach a schedule of such other alternates 
showing the amount for each and the date when the amount expires.)
 
N/A
 
§ 5.2.3 Unit prices, if any, are as follows:
 
Description
 
Units
 
Price ($0.00)
N/A
 
 
 
 
 
§ 5.2.4 Allowances, if any, are as follows
(Identify and state the amounts of any allowances, and state whether they 
include labor, materials, or both.)
 
Refer to Exhibit B.
 
Allowance
 
Amount ($0.00)
 
Included items
 
§ 5.2.5 Assumptions, if any, on which the Guaranteed Maximum Price is based 
are as follows:
 
Refer to Exhibit C  Listing of Assumptions
Refer to Exhibit D  Design Development Estimate
 
§ 5.2.6 To the extent that the Drawings and Specifications are anticipated 
to require further development by the Architect, the Contractor has 
provided in the Guaranteed Maximum Price for such further development 
consistent with the Contract Documents and reasonably inferable therefrom. 
Such further development does not include such things as changes in scope, 
systems, kinds and quality of materials, finishes or equipment, all of 
which, if required, shall be incorporated by Change Order.
 
AIA Document A111TM  1997. Copyright ©1920, 1925, 1951, 1958, 1961, 1963, 
1967, 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The American Institute of Architects. 
All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. 
Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or 
distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it, may result in 
severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum 
extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software 
at 12:13:58 on 09/25/2007 under Order No. 1000311580_2 which expires on 
7/15/2008, and is not for resale.
User Notes:
(2094456729)
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 6 CHANGES IN THE WORK
 
§ 6.1 Adjustments to the Guaranteed Maximum Price on account of changes in 
the Work may be determined by any of the methods listed in Section 7.3.3 of 
AIA Document A201-1997.
 
§ 6.2 In calculating adjustments to subcontracts (except those awarded with 
the Owners prior consent on the basis of cost plus a fee), the terms 
cost and fee as used in Section 7.3.3.3 of AIA Document A201-1997 and 
the terms costs and a reasonable allowance for overhead and profit as 
used in Section 7.3.6 of AIA Document A201-1997 shall have the meanings 
assigned to them in AIA Document A201-1997 and shall not be modified by 
Articles 5, 7 and 8 of this Agreement. Adjustments to subcontracts awarded 
with the Owners prior consent on the basis of cost plus a fee shall be 
calculated in accordance with the terms of those subcontracts.
 
§ 6.3 In calculating adjustments to the Guaranteed Maximum Price, the terms 
cost and costs as used in the above-referenced provisions of AIA 
Document A201-1997 shall mean the Cost of the Work as defined in Article 7 
of this Agreement and the terms fee and a reasonable allowance for 
overhead and profit shall mean the Contractors Fee as defined in Section 
5.1.2 of this Agreement.
 
(Paragraphs deleted)
 
ARTICLE 7 COSTS TO BE REIMBURSED  AND INCLUDED IN GMP
 
§ 7.1 COST OF THE WORK
 
The term Cost of the Work shall mean costs necessarily incurred by the 
Contractor in the proper performance of the Work. Such costs shall be at 
rates not higher than the standard paid at the place of the Project except 
with prior consent of the Owner. The Cost of the Work shall include only 
the items set forth in this Article 7.
 
§ 7.2 LABOR COSTS
 
§ 7.2.1 Wages of construction workers directly employed by the Contractor 
to perform the construction of the Work at the site or, with the Owners 
approval, at off-site workshops, including fee of 7.5% for self-performed 
work.
 
§ 7.2.2 Wages or salaries of the Contractors project management, 
supervisory and administrative personnel when stationed at the site with 
the Owners approval.
 
(If it is intended that the wages or salaries of certain personnel 
stationed at the Contractors principal or other offices shall be included 
in the Cost of the Work, identify in Article 14 the personnel to be 
included and whether for all or only part of their time, and the rates at 
which their time will be charged to the Work.)
 
§ 7.2.3 Wages and salaries of the Contractors supervisory or 
administrative personnel engaged, at factories, workshops or on the road, 
in expediting the production or transportation of materials or equipment 
required for the Work, but only for that portion of their time required for 
the Work.
 
§ 7.2.4 Costs paid or incurred by the Contractor for taxes, insurance, 
contributions, assessments and benefits required by law or collective 
bargaining agreements and, for personnel not covered by such agreements, 
customary benefits such as sick leave, medical and health benefits, 
holidays, vacations and pensions, provided such costs are based on wages 
and salaries included in the Cost of the Work under Sections 7.2.1 through 
7.2.3.
 
§ 7.3 SUBCONTRACT COSTS
 
§ 7.3.1. Amounts properly billed by Subcontractors for work which has been 
approved by the Contractor in accordance with the Subcontract.
 
(Paragraphs deleted)
 
§ 7.4 COSTS OF MATERIALS AND EQUIPMENT INCORPORATED IN THE COMPLETED 
CONSTRUCTION
 
§ 7.4.1 Costs, including transportation and storage, of materials and 
equipment incorporated or to be incorporated in the completed construction.
 
§ 7.4.2 Costs of materials described in the preceding Section 7.4.1 in 
excess of those actually installed to allow for reasonable waste and 
spoilage. Unused excess materials, if any, shall become the Owners 
property at the completion of the Work or, at the Owners option, shall be 
sold by the Contractor. Any amounts realized from such sales shall be 
credited to the Owner as a deduction from the Cost of the Work.
 
AIA Document A111TM  1997. Copyright © 1920, 1925, 1951, 1958, 1961, 1963, 
1967, 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The American Institute of Architects. 
All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. 
Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or 
distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it, may result in 
severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum 
extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software 
at 09:46:31 on 09/24/2007 under Order No. 1000311580_2 which expires on 
7/15/2008, and is not for resale.
User Notes:
(2365685923)
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
§ 7.5 COSTS OF OTHER MATERIALS AND EQUIPMENT, TEMPORARY FACILITIES AND 
RELATED ITEMS
 
§ 7.5.1 Costs, including transportation and storage, installation, 
maintenance, dismantling and removal of materials, supplies, temporary 
facilities, machinery, equipment, and hand tools not customarily owned by 
construction workers, that are provided by the Contractor at the site and 
fully consumed in the performance of the Work; and cost (less salvage 
value) of such items if not fully consumed, whether sold to others or 
retained by the Contractor. Cost for items previously used by the 
Contractor shall mean fair market value.
 
§ 7.5.2 Rental charges for temporary facilities, machinery, equipment, and 
hand tools not customarily owned by construction workers that are provided 
by the Contractor at the site, whether rented from the Contractor or 
others, and costs of transportation, installation, minor repairs and 
replacements, dismantling and removal thereof. Rates and quantities of 
equipment rented shall be subject to the Owners prior approval.
 
§ 7.5.3 Costs of removal of debris from the site.
 
§ 7.5.4 Costs of document reproductions, photographs, facsimile 
transmissions and long-distance telephone calls, cellular phones, postage 
and parcel delivery charges, telephone service at the site and reasonable 
petty cash expenses of the site office.
 
§ 7.5.5 That portion of the reasonable expenses of the Contractors 
personnel incurred while traveling in discharge of duties connected with 
the Work.
 
§ 7.5.6 Costs of materials and equipment suitably stored off the site at a 
mutually acceptable location, if approved in advance by the Owner.
 
§ 7.6 MISCELLANEOUS COSTS
 
§ 7.6.1 That portion of insurance and bond premiums that can be directly 
attributed to this Contract:
 
§ 7.6.2 Sales, use or similar taxes imposed by a governmental authority 
that are related to the Work.
 
§ 7.6.3 Fees and assessments for the building permit and for other permits, 
licenses and inspections for which the Contractor is required by the 
Contract Documents to pay.
 
§ 7.6.4 Fees of laboratories for tests required by the Contract Documents, 
except those related to defective or nonconforming Work for which 
reimbursement is excluded by Section 13.5.3 of AIA Document A201-1997 or 
other provisions of the Contract Documents, and which do not fall within 
the scope of Section 7.7.3.
 
§ 7.6.5 Royalties and license fees paid for the use of a particular design, 
process or product required by the Contract Documents; the cost of 
defending suits or claims for infringement of patent rights arising from 
such requirement of the Contract Documents; and payments made in accordance 
with legal judgments against the Contractor resulting from such suits or 
claims and payments of settlements made with the Owners consent. However, 
such costs of legal defenses, judgments and settlements shall not be 
included in the calculation of the Contractors Fee or subject to the 
Guaranteed Maximum Price. If such royalties, fees and costs are excluded by 
the last sentence of Section 3.17.1 of AIA Document A201-1997 or other 
provisions of the Contract Documents, then they shall not be included in 
the Cost of the Work.
 
§ 7.6.6 Data processing costs related to the Work, including all hardware 
and software costs.
 
§ 7.6.7 Deposits lost for causes other than the Contractors negligence or 
failure to fulfill a specific responsibility to the Owner as set forth in 
the Contract Documents.
 
§ 7.6.8 Legal, mediation and arbitration costs, including attorneys fees, 
other than those arising from disputes between the Owner and Contractor, 
reasonably incurred by the Contractor in the performance of the Work and 
with the Owners prior written approval; which approval shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.
 
§ 7.6.9 Expenses incurred in accordance with the Contractors standard 
personnel policy for relocation and temporary living allowances of 
personnel required for the Work, if approved by the Owner.
 
AIA Document A111TM  1997. Copyright © 1920, 1925, 1951, 1958, 1961, 1963, 
1967, 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The American Institute of Architects. 
All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. 
Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or 
distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it, may result in 
severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum 
extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software 
at 09:46:31 on 09/24/2007 under Order No. 1000311580_2 which expires on 
7/15/2008, and is not for resale.
User Notes:
(2365685923)
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
7.6.10 Cost of necessary safety equipment, supplies, drug testing, and 
associated safety procedures.
 
7.6.11 Off site storage warehousing and fabricating, if necessary.
 
7.6.12 Meals and lodging while conducting business for the Project.
 
7.6.13 Costs incurred after completion of the Project for warranty items 
that cannot be billed to subcontractors.
 
§ 7.7 OTHER COSTS AND EMERGENCIES
 
§ 7.7.1 Any cost not specifically excluded by Article 8, which Contractor 
incurs in the performance of the Work or furtherance of the Project.
 
(Paragraphs deleted)
 
§ 7.7.2 Costs due to emergencies incurred in taking action to prevent 
threatened damage, injury or loss in case of an emergency affecting the 
safety of persons and property, as provided in Section 10.6 of AIA Document 
A201-1997.
 
§ 7.7.3 Costs of repairing or correcting damaged or nonconforming Work 
executed by the Contractor, Subcontractors or suppliers, provided that such 
damaged or nonconforming Work was not caused by negligence or failure to 
fulfill a specific responsibility of the Contractor and only to the extent 
that the cost of repair or correction is not recoverable by the Contractor 
from insurance, sureties, Subcontractors or suppliers.
 
ARTICLE 8 COSTS NOT TO BE REIMBURSED  OR NOT INCLUDED IN THE GMP
 
§ 8.1 The Cost of the Work shall not include:
 
§ 8.1.1 Salaries and other compensation of the Contractors personnel 
stationed at the Contractors principal office or offices other than the 
site office, except as specifically provided in Sections 7.2.2 and 7.2.3 or 
as may be provided in Article 14. See Article 14.6.
 
§ 8.1.2 Expenses of the Contractors principal office and offices other 
than the site office.
 
§ 8.1.3 Overhead and general expenses, except as may be expressly included 
in Article 7.
 
§ 8.1.4 The Contractors capital expenses, including interest on the 
Contractors capital employed for the Work.
 
§ 8.1.5 Rental costs of machinery and equipment, except as specifically 
provided in Section 7.5.2.
 
§ 8.1.6 Except as provided in Section 7.7.3 of this Agreement, costs due to 
the negligence or failure to fulfill a specific responsibility of the 
Contractor, Subcontractors and suppliers or anyone directly or indirectly 
employed by any of them or for whose acts any of them may be liable.
 
§ 8.1.7 Any cost not specifically and expressly described in Article 7.
 
§ 8.1.8 Costs, other than costs included in Change Orders approved by the 
Owner, that would cause the Guaranteed Maximum Price to be exceeded.
 
ARTICLE 9 DISCOUNTS, REBATES AND REFUNDS
 
§ 9.1 Cash discounts obtained on payments made by the Contractor shall 
accrue to the Owner if (1) before making the payment, the Contractor 
included them in an Application for Payment and received payment therefor 
from the Owner, or (2) the Owner has deposited funds with the Contractor 
with which to make payments; otherwise, cash discounts shall accrue to the 
Contractor. Trade discounts, rebates, refunds and amounts received from 
sales of surplus materials and equipment shall accrue to the Owner, and the 
Contractor shall make provisions so that they can be secured.
 
§ 9.2 Amounts that accrue to the Owner in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 9.1 shall be credited to the Owner as a deduction from the Cost of 
the Work.
 
AIA Document A111TM  1997. Copyright © 1920, 1925, 1951, 1958, 1961, 1963, 
1967, 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The American Institute of Architects. 
All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. 
Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or 
distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it, may result in 
severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum 
extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software 
at 09:46:31 on 09/24/2007 under Order No. 1000311580_2 which expires on 
7/15/2008, and is not for resale.
User Notes:
(2365685923)
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 10 SUBCONTRACTS AND OTHER AGREEMENTS
 
§ 10.1 Those portions of the Work that the Contractor does not customarily 
perform with the Contractors own personnel shall be performed under 
subcontracts or by other appropriate agreements with the Contractor. The 
Owner may designate specific persons or entities from whom the Contractor 
shall obtain bids. The Contractor shall obtain bids from Subcontractors and 
from suppliers of materials or equipment fabricated especially for the Work 
and shall deliver such bids to the Architect. The Owner shall then 
determine, with the advice of the Contractor and the Architect, which bids 
will be accepted. The Contractor shall not be required to contract with 
anyone to whom the Contractor has reasonable objection.
 
§ 10.2 If a specific bidder among those whose bids are delivered by the 
Contractor to the Architect (1) is recommended to the Owner by the 
Contractor; (2) is qualified to perform that portion of the Work; and (3) 
has submitted a bid that conforms to the requirements of the Contract 
Documents without reservations or exceptions, but the Owner requires that 
another bid be accepted, then the Contractor may require that a Change 
Order be issued to adjust the Guaranteed Maximum Price by the difference 
between the bid of the person or entity recommended to the Owner by the 
Contractor and the amount of the subcontract or other agreement actually 
signed with the person or entity designated by the Owner.
 
§ 10.3 Subcontracts or other agreements shall conform to the applicable 
payment provisions of this Agreement, and shall not be awarded on the basis 
of cost plus a fee without the prior consent of the Owner.
 
10.4 Notwithstanding the above, Owner and Contractor agree that there has 
been a partnered effort in attempting to meet the Owners budgets by select 
Subcontractors. Owner and Contractor further agree that the following 
preferred Subcontractors will be selected by the Contractor:
 
    Blackhawk Foundation Co.
    Drake-Williams Steel
    Modern Piping
    Giese Companies
    Paulson Electric Co.
    
ARTICLE 11  ACCOUNTING RECORDS
 
The Contractor shall keep full and detailed accounts and exercise such 
controls as may be necessary for proper financial management under this 
Contract, and the accounting and control systems shall be satisfactory to 
the Owner. The Owner and the Owners accountants shall be afforded access 
to, and shall be permitted to audit and copy, the Contractors records, 
books, correspondence, instructions, drawings, receipts, subcontracts, 
purchase orders, vouchers, memoranda and other data relating to this 
Contract, and the Contractor shall preserve these for a period of three 
years after final payment, or for such longer period as may be required by 
law.
 
ARTICLE 12 PAYMENTS
 
§ 12.1 PROGRESS PAYMENTS
 
§ 12.1.1 Based upon Applications for Payment submitted to the Architect by 
the Contractor and Certificates for Payment issued by the Architect, the 
Owner shall make progress payments on account of the Contract Sum to the 
Contractor as provided below and elsewhere in the Contract Documents.
 
§ 12.1.2 The period covered by each Application for Payment shall be one 
calendar month ending on the Tenth (l0th) day of the month, or as follows:
 
§ 12.1.3 Provided that an Application for Payment is received by the 
Architect not later than the Fifteenth (15th) day of a month, the Owner 
shall make payment to the Contractor not later than the Fifteenth (15th)    
     day of the following month. If an Application for Payment is received 
by the Architect after the application date fixed above, payment shall be 
made by the Owner not later than 30 (   Thirty   ) days after the Architect 
receives the Application for Payment.
 
§ 12.1.4 With each Application for Payment, the Contractor shall submit 
payrolls, material invoices, subcontract invoices, petty cash accounts, 
receipted invoices or invoices with check vouchers attached, and any other 
evidence
 
AIA Document A111TM  1997. Copyright ©1920, 1925, 1951, 1958, 1961, 1963, 
1967, 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The American Institute of Architects. 
All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. 
Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or 
distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it, may result in 
severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum 
extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software 
at 09:46:31 on 09/24/2007 under Order No. 1000311580_2 which expires on 
7/15/2008, and is not for resale.
User Notes:
(2365685923)
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
required by the Owner or Architect to demonstrate that cash disbursements 
already made by the Contractor on account of the Cost of the Work equal or 
exceed (1) progress payments already received by the Contractor; less (2) 
that portion of those payments attributable to the Contractors Fee; plus 
(3) payrolls for the period covered by the present Application for Payment. 
The Contractor shall provide all backup information no later than 30 days 
after submission of pay requests.
 
§ 12.1.5 Each Application for Payment shall be based on the most recent 
schedule of values approved by the Contractor, Owner, and Architect, in 
accordance with the Contract Documents and submitted by the Contractor in 
accordance with the Contract Documents. The schedule of values shall 
allocate the entire Guaranteed Maximum Price among the various portions of 
the Work, except that the Contractors Fee shall be shown as a single 
separate item. The schedule of values shall be prepared in such form and 
supported by such data to substantiate its accuracy as the Architect and 
the Owner, may require. This schedule, unless objected to by the Architect 
and the Owner, shall be used as a basis for reviewing the Contractors 
Applications for Payment.
 
§ 12.1.6 Applications for Payment shall show the percentage of completion 
of each portion of the Work as of the end of the period covered by the 
Application for Payment. The percentage of completion shall be the lesser 
of (1) the percentage of that portion of the Work which has actually been 
completed; or (2) the percentage obtained by dividing (a) the expense that 
has actually been incurred by the Contractor on account of that portion of 
the Work for which the Contractor has made or intends to make actual 
payment prior to the next Application for Payment by (b) the share of the 
Guaranteed Maximum Price allocated to that portion of the Work in the 
schedule of values.
 
§ 12.1.7 Subject to other provisions of the Contract Documents, the amount 
of each progress payment shall be computed as follows:
 
      .1                         take that portion of the Guaranteed
      Maximum Price properly allocable to completed Work as determined by
      multiplying the percentage of completion of each portion of the Work
      by the share of the Guaranteed Maximum Price allocated to that
      portion of the Work in the schedule of values. Pending final
      determination of cost to the Owner of changes in the Work, amounts
      not in dispute shall be included as provided in Section 7.3.8 of AIA
      Document A201-1997;
      
      .2                         add that portion of the Guaranteed Maximum
      Price properly allocable to materials and equipment delivered and
      suitably stored at the site for subsequent incorporation in the Work,
      or if approved in advance by the Owner, suitably stored off the site
      at a location agreed upon in writing;
      
      .3                         add the Contractors Fee, less retainage
      of   Ten Percent   (   10%   ). The Contractors Fee shall be
      computed upon the Cost of the Work described in the two preceding
      Clauses at the rate stated in Section 5.1.2 or, if the Contractors
      Fee is stated as a fixed sum in that Subparagraph, shall be an amount
      that bears the same ratio to that fixed-sum fee as the Cost of the
      Work in the two preceding Clauses bears to a reasonable estimate of
      the probable Cost of the Work upon its completion;
      
      .4                         subtract the aggregate of previous
      payments made by the Owner;
      
      .5                         subtract the shortfall, if any, indicated
      by the Contractor in the documentation required by Section 12.1.4 to
      substantiate prior Applications for Payment, or resulting from errors
      subsequently discovered by the Owners accountants in such
      documentation; and
      
      .6                         subtract amounts, if any, for which the
      Architect has withheld or nullified a Certificate for Payment as
      provided in Section 9.5 of AIA Document A201-1997.
      
§ 12.1.8 Except with the Owners prior approval, payments to Subcontractors 
shall be subject to retainage of not less than Ten Percent (   10%   ) See 
Article 14.6. The Owner and the Contractor shall agree upon a mutually 
acceptable procedure for review and approval of payments and retention for 
Subcontractors.
 
§ 12.1.9 In taking action on the Contractors Applications for Payment, the 
Architect or the Owner shall be entitled to rely on the accuracy and 
completeness of the information furnished by the Contractor and shall not 
be deemed to represent that the Architect or Owner has made a detailed 
examination, audit or arithmetic verification of the documentation 
submitted in accordance with Section 12.1.4 or other supporting data; that 
the Architect or Owner
 
AIA Document A111TM  1997. Copyright ©1920, 1925, 1951, 1958, 1961, 1963, 
1967, 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The American Institute of Architects. 
All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. 
Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or 
distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it, may result in 
severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum 
extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software 
at 09:46:31 on 09/24/2007 under Order No. 1000311580_2 which expires on 
7/15/2008, and is not for resale.
User Notes:
(2365685923)
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
has made exhaustive or continuous on-site inspections or that the Architect 
or Owner has made examinations to ascertain how or for what purposes the 
Contractor has used amounts previously paid on account of the Contract. 
Such examinations, audits and verifications, if required by the Owner, will 
be performed by the Owners accountants acting in the sole interest of the 
Owner.
 
§ 12.2 FINAL PAYMENT
 
§ 12.2.1 Final payment, constituting the entire unpaid balance of the 
Contract Sum, shall be made by the Owner to the Contractor when:
 
     .1                        the Contractor has fully performed the
     Contract except for the Contractors responsibility to correct Work as
     provided in Section 12.2.2 of AIA Document A201-1997, and to satisfy
     other requirements, if any, which extend beyond final payment; and
      
     .2                        a final Certificate for Payment has been
     issued by the Architect after approval by the Owner
      
§ 12.2.2 The Owners final payment to the Contractor shall be made no later 
than 30 days after the issuance of the Architects final Certificate for 
Payment, or as follows:
 
§ 12.2.3 The Owners accountants will review and report in writing on the 
Contractors final accounting within 30 days after delivery of the final 
accounting to the Architect by the Contractor. Based upon such Cost of the 
Work as the Owners accountants report to be substantiated by the 
Contractors final accounting, and provided the other conditions of Section 
12.2.1 have been met, the Architect will, within seven days after receipt 
of the written report of the Owners accountants, either issue to the Owner 
a final Certificate for Payment with a copy to the Contractor, or notify 
the Contractor and Owner in writing of the Architects reasons for 
withholding a certificate as provided in Section 9.5.1 of the AIA Document 
A201-1997. The time periods stated in this Section 12.2.3 supersede those 
stated in Section 9.4.1 of the AIA Document A201-1997.
 
§ 12.2.4 If the Owners accountants report the Cost of the Work as 
substantiated by the Contractors final accounting to be less than claimed 
by the Contractor, the Contractor shall be entitled to demand arbitration 
of the disputed amount without a further decision of the Architect. Such 
demand for arbitration shall be made by the Contractor within 30 days after 
the Contractors receipt of a copy of the Architects final Certificate for 
Payment; failure to demand arbitration within this 30-day period shall 
result in the substantiated amount reported by the Owners accountants 
becoming binding on the Contractor. Pending a final resolution by 
arbitration, the Owner shall pay the Contractor the amount certified in the 
Architects final Certificate for Payment.
 
§ 12.2.5 If, subsequent to final payment and at the Owners request, the 
Contractor incurs costs described in Article 7 and not excluded by Article 
8 to correct defective or nonconforming Work, which was not otherwise the 
responsibility of the Contractor to install, the Owner shall reimburse the 
Contractor such costs and the Contractors Fee applicable thereto on the 
same basis as if such costs had been incurred prior to final payment, but 
not in excess of the Guaranteed Maximum Price. If the Contractor has 
participated in savings as provided in Section 5.2, the amount of such 
savings shall be recalculated and appropriate credit given to the Owner in 
determining the net amount to be paid by the Owner to the Contractor.
 
ARTICLE 13 TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION
 
§ 13.1 The Contract may be terminated by the Contractor, or by the Owner 
for convenience, as provided in Article 14 of AIA Document A201-1997. 
However, the amount to be paid to the Contractor under Section 14.1.3 of 
AIA Document A201-1997 shall not exceed the amount the Contractor would be 
entitled to receive under Section 13.2 below, except that the Contractors 
Fee shall be calculated as if the Work had been fully completed by the 
Contractor, including a reasonable estimate of the Cost of the Work for 
Work not actually completed.
 
§ 13.2 The Contract may be terminated by the Owner for cause as provided in 
Article 14 of AIA Document A201-1997. The amount, if any, to be paid to the 
Contractor under Section 14.2.4 of AIA Document A201-1997 shall not cause 
the Guaranteed Maximum Price to be exceeded, nor shall it exceed an amount 
calculated as follows:
 
§ 13.2.1 Take the Cost of the Work incurred by the Contractor to the date 
of termination;
 
AIA Document A111TM  1997. Copyright ©1920, 1925, 1951, 1958, 1961, 1963, 
1967, 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The American Institute of Architects. 
All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. 
Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or 
distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it, may result in 
severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum 
extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software 
at 09:46:31 on 09/24/2007 under Order No. 1000311580_2 which expires on 
7/15/2008, and is not for resale.
User Notes:
(2365685923)
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
§ 13.2.2 Add the Contractors Fee computed upon the Cost of the Work to the 
date of termination at the rate stated in Section 5.1.2 or, if the 
Contractors Fee is stated as a fixed sum in that Section, an amount that 
bears the same ratio to that fixed-sum Fee as the Cost of the Work at the 
time of termination bears to a reasonable estimate of the probable Cost of 
the Work upon its completion; and
 
§ 13.2.3 Subtract the aggregate of previous payments made by the Owner.
 
§ 13.3 The Owner shall also pay the Contractor fair compensation, either by 
purchase or rental at the election of the Owner, for any equipment owned by 
the Contractor that the Owner elects to retain and that is not otherwise 
included in the Cost of the Work under Section 13.2.1. To the extent that 
the Owner elects to take legal assignment of subcontracts and purchase 
orders (including rental agreements), the Contractor shall, as a condition 
of receiving the payments referred to in this Article 13, execute and 
deliver all such papers and take all such steps, including the legal 
assignment of such subcontracts and other contractual rights of the 
Contractor, as the Owner may require for the purpose of fully vesting in 
the Owner the rights and benefits of the Contractor under such subcontracts 
or purchase orders.
 
§ 13.4 The Work may be suspended by the Owner as provided in Article 14 of 
AIA Document A201-1997; in such case, the Guaranteed Maximum Price and 
Contract Time shall be increased as provided in Section 14.3.2 of AIA 
Document A201-1997 except that the term profit shall be understood to 
mean the Contractors Fee as described in Sections 5.1.2 and Section 6.4 of 
this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE 14 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
 
§ 14.1 Where reference is made in this Agreement to a provision AIA 
Document A201-1997 or another Contract Document, the reference refers to 
that provision as amended or supplemented by other provisions of the 
Contract Documents.
 
§ 14.2 Payments due and unpaid under the Contract from either the 
Contractor of the Owner to the other shall bear interest at a rate per 
annum equal to the prime rate plus two percent (2%).
(Insert rate of interest agreed upon, if any.)
 
(Usury laws and requirements under the Federal Truth in Lending Act, 
similar state and local consumer credit laws and other regulations at the 
Owners and Contractors principal places of business, the location of the 
Project and elsewhere may affect the validity of this provision. Legal 
advice should be obtained with respect to deletions or modifications, and 
also regarding requirements such as written disclosures or waivers.)
 
§ 14.3 The Owners representative is:
(Name, address and other information.)
 
Mr. Kevin Fontenot
Executive Director Construction & Development
Diamond Jo, LLC
P. O. Box 1750
Dubuque, Iowa 52004
 
§ 14.4 The Contractors representative is:
(Name, address and other information.)
 
Mr. Ben Roush
Project Manager
Conlon Construction Co.
1100 Rockdale Road
Dubuque, Iowa 52003
 
AIA Document A111TM  1997. Copyright © 1920, 1925, 1951, 1958, 1961, 1963, 
1967, 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The American Institute of Architects. 
All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. 
Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or 
distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it, may result in 
severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum 
extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software 
at 09:46:31 on 09/24/2007 under Order No. 1000311580_2 which expires on 
7/15/2008, and is not for resale.
User Notes:
(2365685923)
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
§ 14.5 Neither the Owners nor the Contractors representative shall be 
changed without ten days written notice to the other party.
 
§ 14.6 Other provisions:
 
Once project reaches 50% completion, Total Retainage withheld will be 
reduced to 5%.
 
Certain key staff personnel located in our main office will be included in 
our final GMP cost. The salaries of these individuals, plus labor burden, 
will be charged to the job as reimbursable costs for time spent directly on 
this project.
 
ARTICLE 15 ENUMERATION OF CONTRACT DOCUMENTS
 
§ 15.1 The Contract Documents, except for Modifications issued after 
execution of this Agreement, are enumerated as follows:
 
§ 15.1.1 The Agreement is this executed 1997 edition of the Standard Form 
of Agreement Between Owner and Contractor, AIA Document A111-1997.
 
§ 15.1.2 The General Conditions are the 1997 edition of the General 
Conditions of the Contract for Construction, AIA Document A201-1997, as 
modified as attached hereto and executed by Owner and Contractor.
 
(Table deleted)
(Paragraph deleted)
 
§ 15.1.4 The Specifications are those contained in the Project Manual dated 
as in Section 15.1.3, and are as follows:
 
(Either list the Specifications here or refer to an exhibit attached to 
this Agreement.)
 
Title of Specifications exhibit:    See Exhibit E.
 
(Table deleted)
 
§ 15.1.5 The Drawings are as follows, and are dated    unless a different 
date is shown below: (Either list the Drawings here or refer to an exhibit 
attached to this Agreement.)
Title of Drawings exhibit: See Exhibit E.
(Table deleted)
 
§ 15.1.6 The Addenda, if any, are as follows:
 
Number
 
Date
 
Pages
Design Development No. 1 as
enumerated in Exhibit E.
 
 
 
 
 
Portions of Addenda relating to bidding requirements are not part of the 
Contract Documents unless the bidding requirements are also enumerated in 
this Article 15.
 
§ 15.1.7 Other Documents, if any, forming part of the Contract Documents 
are as follows:
(List here any additional documents, such as a list of alternates that are 
intended to form part of the Contract Documents. AIA Document A201-1997 
provides that bidding requirements such as advertisement or invitation to 
bid, Instructions to Bidders, sample forms and the Contractors bid are not 
part of the Contract Documents unless enumerated in this Agreement. They 
should be listed here only if intended to be part of the Contract 
Documents.)
 
Exhibit A - Budget Breakdown
Exhibit B - List of Allowances
Exhibit C - Assumptions and Clarifications
Exhibit D - Design Development Estimate
Exhibit E - Drawing/Specification Log
Exhibit G - Insurance Certificate
 
AIA Document A111TM  1997. Copyright © 1920, 1925, 1951, 1958, 1961, 1963, 
1967, 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The American Institute of Architects. 
All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. 
Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or 
distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it, may result in 
severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum 
extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software 
at 09:46:31 on 09/24/2007 under Order No. 1000311580_2 which expires on 
7/15/2008, and is not for resale.
User Notes:
(2365685923)
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 16 INSURANCE AND BONDS
 
(List required limits of liability for insurance and bonds. AIA Document 
A201-1997 gives other specific requirements for insurance and bonds.)
 
Type of insurance
 
Limit of liability ($0.00)
 Insurance Certificate per Exhibit G
 
 
 
This Agreement is entered into as of the day and year first written above 
and is executed in at least three original copies, of which one is to be 
delivered to the Contractor, one to the Architect for use in the 
administration of the Contract, and the remainder to the Owner.
 
 
 
CONLON CONSTRUCTION CO.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  /s/ Jonathan Swain
 
  Timothy J. Conlon
 
 
  OWNER (Signature)
 
  CONTRACTOR (Signature)
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Jonathan Swain, COO
 
  Timothy J. Conlon, Vice-President
 
 
  (Printed name and title)
 
  (Printed name and title)
 
 
AIA Document A111TM  1997. Copyright © 1920, 1925, 1951, 1958, 1961, 1963, 
1967, 1974, 1978, 1987 and 1997 by The American Institute of Architects. 
All rights reserved. WARNING: This AIA® Document is protected by U.S. 
Copyright Law and International Treaties. Unauthorized reproduction or 
distribution of this AIA® Document, or any portion of it, may result in 
severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum 
extent possible under the law. This document was produced by AIA software 
at 09:46:31 on 09/24/2007 under Order No. 1000311580_2 which expires on 
7/15/2008, and is not for resale.
User Notes:
(2365685923)
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT A
 
DIAMOND JO CASINO
BUDGET BREAKDOWN
ALLOWANCE VS FIRM PRICING
JUNE 8th, 2007
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For Contract 
6/22/2007
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ITEM
 
FIRM COST
 
BUDGET 
ALLOWANCE
 
ORIGNAL 
CONTRACT
 
 
 
 General Conditions
 
$
3,324,520.00
 
 
 
$
675,000.00
 
 
 
 Cast-In-Place Concrete
 
$
2,077,953.00
 
$
519,489.00
 
$
2,597,442.00
 
 
 
 Masonry
 
$
1,407,960.00
 
$
248,464.00
 
 
 
 
 
 Steel
 
$
3,530,999.00
 
$
882,750.00
 
$
4,413,749.00
 
 
 
 Cold Form Metal Stud
 
$
1,200,000.00
 
$
300,000.00
 
$
1,500,000.00
 
 
 
 Woods & Plastic
 
$
165,000.00
 
$
2,687,269.00
 
 
 
 
 
 Thermal/Moisture Protection
 
$
1,818,800.00
 
$
541,848.00
 
 
 
 
 
 Doors, Frames & Hardware
 
$

 
$
905,412.00
 
 
 
 
 
 Finishes
 
$
1,100,000.00
 
$
2,728,619.00
 
 
 
 
 
 Specialties
 
 
 
$
483,629.00
 
 
 
 
 
 Equipment
 
$
9,000.00
 
$
2,726,087.00
 
 
 
 
 
 Furnishings
 
$

 
$
779,808.00
 
 
 
 
 
 Bowling Lanes
 
$
1,320,000.00
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Elevators
 
$
1,060,000.00
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sprinkler
 
 
 
$
444,625.00
 
 
 
 
 
 Plumbing
 
$
83,500.00
 
730,000.00
 
$
285,000.00
 
 
 
 HVAC
 
$
3,000,000.00
 
$
4,515,048.00
 
$
3,673,468.00
 
 
 
 Electrical
 
$
4,225,700.00
 
$
6,048,010.00
 
$
1,261,000.00
 
 
 
 Earthwork
 
$
180,000.00
 
$
2,351,711.00
 
$
2,531,711.00
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 $
 16,937,370.00
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 $
 1,693,737.00
 
Contractor Contingency -10%
 
  
 
$
24,503,432.00
 
$
26,892,769.00
 
$
18,631,107.00
 
Sub-Total
 
 Contractor Fee - 3.5%
 
$
1,798,867.00
 
 
 
$
652,088.75
 
Contractor Fee - 3.5%
 
 TOTAL:
 
$
26,302,299.00
 
$
26,892,769.00
 
$
19,283,195.75
 
TOTAL BEGINNING CONTRACT AMOUNT
 
  
 
49.44
%
50.56
%
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
$
53,195,068.00
 
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
GENERAL CONSTRUCTION
CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT
DESIGN/BUILD
 
CONLON CONSTRUCTION CO.
P.O. BOX 3400
DUBUQUE, IOWA 52004-3400
(563) 583-1724
FAX (563) 583-2162
www.conlonco.com
 
EXHIBIT B
 
The following is a list of allowances used for the Contract for the Diamond 
Jo Casino, based on the Design Development Drawings.
 
     1.                         Concrete Allowance at Cash Room Ceiling of
     $4,000.00
      
     2.                         Duct bank concrete, not clearly shown, in
     the amount $42,700.00. This amount is located in the Cast-In-Place
     Concrete section of the schedule of values.
      
     3.                         Mechanical pad concrete, not clearly shown,
     in the amount of $9,000.00. This amount is located in the
     Cast-ln-Place Concrete section of the schedule of values.
      
     4.                         10,700 sf of colored concrete along Bell
     Street, in the amount of $75,435.00 has been included. This amount is
     located in the Sitework portion of the schedule of values.
      
     5.                         8,500 sf of regular sidewalk is included,
     in the amount of $24,395.00 and is located in the Sitework portion
     of the schedule of values.
      
     6.                         Decorative brick piers and steel fencing in
     the amount of $131,100.00 is included in the Sitework portion of the
     schedule of values. This work is not clearly defined and this scope
     may change as documents progress.
      
     7.                         Concrete bollards at the total allowance of
     $9,000.00 is in the Sitework portion of the schedule of values.
      
     8.                         Parking signs and bollards in the amount of
     $3,000.00 is included in the Sitework portion of the schedule of
     values.
      
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT C  ASSUMPTIONS & CLARIFICATIONS
 
If there are discreprencies between other contract documents and Exhibit C, 
Exhibit C shall take precedence.
 
     1.                         The intent of this contract is to provide
     general conditions, mobilization, earthwork, Sitework, site utilities,
     auger cast foundations, site paving, cast-in-place concrete,
     structural steel, miscellaneous steel, cold formed metal framing
     (exterior walls), plumbing rough in, HVAC rough in and equipment
     purchase (when plans are available), electrical rough in. When such
     time that the remaining drawings are completed and released to us, we
     will provide the remaining costs, for the work associated with the
     revised drawings. When a contract amount for the remaining work and
     any adjustments to the existing contract amount are agreed upon, a
     change order adjusting the amount and finalizing the completion date,
     will be completed.
     2.                         All testing required, as part of project,
     to be paid by Owner
     3.                         The current design development estimate
     includes general conditions, from July 1, 2007 through September 30,
     2007.
     4.                         Building permit, foundation permits and
     storm water permit costs are not included in the general conditions.
     They will be a direct reimbursable cost to Conlon Construction Co.
     5.                         Builders risk insurance to be provided by
     Owner.
     6.                         Insurance requirements for this project to
     be as per Exhibit G.
     7.                         A performance bond is not included.
     8.                         The following back up information, from
     subcontractors, is to be used as assumptions and clarifications for
     the particular scope of work.
                                     McDermott Excavating - Including the
        cut/fill amounts shown, as the documents do not clearly define the
        new grading.
                                     Blackhawk Foundation Co. - Including
        the unit costs, as per quoted.
                                     Drake Williams Steel - Included
        proposal.
                                     Email from Modern Piping - Plumbing
        work through September 30, 2007.
                                     Email from Giese Companies - HVAC
        work through September 30, 2007.
                                     Email from Paulson Electric -
        Electrical work through September 30, 2007.
         
     9.                         An office trailer for the Owners use will
     be provided and the cost is included in general conditions.
     10.                   Chain link security fencing will be provided to
     secure site.
     11.                   Gas service, electric service, phone service to
     be by others.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
     12.                   No design fees of any kind are included.
     13.                   No exterior signage of any kind is included.
     14.                   No utility tap or connection fees are included.
     15.                   No utility service fees are included.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Diamond Jo Casino
Design Development
Base Bid
 
Project name
 
DJ DD Base Bid
Job size
 
186788 sf
Report format
 
Sorted by Location/Group phase/Phase
Detail summary Allocate addons
 
 
 
EXHIBIT D  DESIGN DEVELOPMENT ESTIMATE
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Estimate Company
 
 
 
 
 
Standard Estimate Report
DJ DD Base Bid
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Labor
 
Material
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Item
 
 
 
Description
 
Takeoff
 
 
 
Unit
 
Amount
 
Unit
 
 
 
Amount
 
Unit
 
 
 
Subcontract
 
 
 
 
 
Equipment
 
Other
 
Total
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Qty
 
 
 
Cost
 
 
 
Cost
 
 
 
 
 
Cost
 
 
 
Amount
 
 
 
Name
 
Amount
 
Amount
 
Amount
 
Base Bid
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 011100.00
 
 
 
GENERAL REQUIREMENTS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Subcontractor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 011120.00
 
10
 
Corson General Conditions - Base Bid
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
675,000.00
 
/isum
 
675,000
 
CCC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
675,000
 
  
 
 
 
Subcontractor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
675,000
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
675,000
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
GENERAL REQUIREMENTS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
675,000
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
0
 
675,000
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 030000.00
 
 
 
CONCRETE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 030010.00
 
 
 
Cast-in-Place Concrete
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
20
 
032100 Reinforcing Steel
 
345.00
 
tons
 

 

 
963.00
 
tons
 
332,235
 

 
 
 

 
Corson
 
 
 

 

 
332,235
 
  
 
20
 
032200 Mesh Reinforcing
 
1,210.00
 
sqy
 

 

 
21.40
 
sqy
 
25,894
 

 
 
 

 
Weber
 
 
 

 

 
25,894
 
  
 
20
 
033000 Cast-in-Place Concrete
 
5,670.00
 
cuyd
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
372.00
 
/cuyd
 
2,183,613
 
Weber Concrete
 
 
 

 

 
2,183,613
 
  
 
20
 
033000 Concrete safe Ceiling on Metal Deck
 
200.00
 
sqft
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
20.00
 
/sqft
 
4,000
 
Corson
 
 
 

 

 
4,000
 
  
 
20
 
033000 Duct Base Concrete
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 
0.00
 
 
 
0
 
47,700.00
 
/isum
 
42,700
 
Corson
 
 
 

 

 
42,700
 
  
 
20
 
033000 Mechanical Pad Concrete
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 
0.00
 
 
 
0
 
9,000.00
 
/isum
 
9,000
 
Corson
 
 
 

 

 
9,000
 
  
 
 
 
Cast-in-Place Concrete
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
358,129
 
 
 
 
 
2,239,313
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2,597,442
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
CONCRETE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
358,129
 
 
 
 
 
2,239,313
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
0
 
2,597,442
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 050000.00
 
 
 
METALS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 050010.00
 
 
 
Metals
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
10
 
051200 Structural Steel
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
4,413,749.00
 
/isum
 
4,413,749
 
Drake Williams
 
 
 

 

 
4,413,749
 
  
 
10
 
052100 Steel Joists
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Drake Williams
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
10
 
053100 Steel Decking
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Drake Williams
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
10
 
054100 Cold Formed Metal Framing
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
1,500,000.00
 
/isum
 
1,500,000
 
Hallmark
 
 
 

 

 
1,500,000
 
  
 
10
 
055000 Metal Fabrications
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Drake Williams
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
10
 
055100 Steel Stairs
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Drake Williams
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
10
 
055213 Pipe And Tube Railings
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Drake Williams
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
10
 
057000 Ornamental Metal
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 
-
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Drake Williams
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Metals
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5,913,749
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5,913,749
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
METALS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
0
 
 
 
5,913,749
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5,913,749
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 220000.00
 
 
 
PLUMBING
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 220600.00
 
 
 
Plumbing
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
10
 
220648 Plumbing - Base Bid
 
166,788.00
 
sf
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
1.53
 
/sf
 
285,000
 
Modern
 
 
 

 

 
285,000
 
  
 
 
 
Plumbing
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
285,000
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
285,000
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
PLUMBING
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
285,000
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
0
 
285,000
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 230000.00
 
 
 
HVAC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 230500.00
 
 
 
HVAC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
10
 
230500 HVAC - Base Bid
 
166,786.00
 
sf
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
19.67
 
/sf
 
3,673,468
 
Giese
 
 
 

 

 
3,673,468
 
  
 
 
 
HVAC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3,673,468
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
3,673,468
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
HVAC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
3,673,468
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
0
 
3,673,468
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 260000.00
 
 
 
ELECTRICAL
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 260500.00
 
 
 
Electrical
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
10
 
260500 Electrical - Base Bid
 
186,788.00
 
sf
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
6,751
 
/sf
 
1,261,000
 
Paulson
 
 
 

 

 
1,261,000
 
  
 
 
 
Electrical
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1,261,000
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
1,261,000
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
ELECTRICAL
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
1,261,000
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
0
 
1,261,000
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 310000.00
 
 
 
EARTHWORK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 310010.00
 
 
 
Earthwork
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
10
 
310513 Soils for Earthwork
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
460,000.00
 
/isum
 
460,000
 
McDermott
 
 
 

 

 
460,000
 
  
 
10
 
310516 Aggregates for Earthwork
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 
McDermott
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
15
 
310000 Site Clearing & Demolition
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 
McDermott
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
15
 
312219 Finish Grading
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 
McDermott
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
20
 
312300 Excavation & Fill
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 
McDermott
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
20
 
312333 Trenching & Backfilling
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 
McDermott
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
20
 
316213 Concrete Piers
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Earthwork
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
460,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
460,000
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
EARTHWORK
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
460,000
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
0
 
460,000
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 320000.00
 
 
 
EXTERIOR IMPROVEMENTS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 320010.00
 
 
 
Exterior Improvements
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
10
 
321116 Subbase Courses
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 
McDermott
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
10
 
321200 Paving, Curb & Gutter
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
380,000.00
 
/isum
 
380,000
 
Horsfeld
 
 
 

 

 
380,000
 
  
 
20
 
321300 Colored Concrete© St.
 
10,700.00
 
sf
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
7.05
 
/sf
 
75,435
 
Pat ODowd
 
 
 

 

 
75,435
 
  
 
20
 
321723 Pavement Markings
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
6,500.00
 
/isum
 
6,500
 
CCC
 
 
 

 

 
6,500
 
  
 
20
 
321300 Sidewalk
 
5,500.00
 
sf
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
2.87
 
/sf
 
24,395
 
MR Construction
 
 
 

 

 
24,395
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
  
 
30
 
328000 Irrigation Systems
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
106,966,00
 
/isum
 
106,966
 
Nauman
 
 
 

 

 
160,966
 
  
 
30
 
329000 Planting
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 
Nauman
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
30
 
329000 Sodding
 
3,800.00
 
sqyd
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 

 
Nauman
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
  
 
30
 
329000 Decorative Site Fence & Brick Piers
 
460.00
 
ton
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
285.00
 
/ton
 
131,100
 
Giese
 
 
 

 

 
131,100
 
  
 
30
 
329000 Concrete Bollards
 
30.00
 
each
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
300.00
 
/each
 
9,000
 
CCC
 
 
 

 

 
9,000
 
  
 
30
 
329000 Parking Sign & Poles
 
10.00
 
each
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
300.00
 
/each
 
3,000
 
CCC
 
 
 

 

 
3,000
 
 
 
 
 
0320000 Auger Cast In Place Piles
 
876.00
 
each
 
 
 
 
 
0.00
 
 
 
0
 
1,398,231
 
/each
 
1,224,850
 
Blackhawk
 
 
 

 

 
1,224,850
 
  
 
 
 
0320000 Auger Cast Rebar
 
75.00
 
ton
 
 
 
 
 
0.00
 
 
 
0
 
1,472.67
 
/ton
 
110,465
 
CCC
 
 
 

 

 
110,465
 
  
 
 
 
Exterior Improvements
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2,071,711
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2,071,711
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EXTERIOR IMPROVEMENTS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
2,071,711
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
0
 
2,071,711
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 330000.00
 
 
 
UTILITIES
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 330010.00
 
 
 
Utilities
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
10
 
331010 Water Utilities
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 
McDermott
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
10
 
333000 Sanitary Sewerage Utilities
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 
McDermott
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
10
 
334000 Storm Drainage Utilities
 
1.00
 
isum
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 
McDermott
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
UTILITIES
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
0
 
0
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Base Bid
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
 
 
 
 
358,129
 
 
 
 
 
16,579,241
 
 
 
 
 
0
 
0
 
16,937,370
 
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Sheet No.
 
Sheet Title/Description
 
Original
Issue Date
 
DD Addendum
Issue Date
 
Structural
Update
 
 
ARCHITECTURAL
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cover
 
Cover Sheet
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A0.01
 
Information Sheet
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A0.02
 
General Notes
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A0.10
 
Wall Types
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A0.11
 
Wall Types
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A0.20
 
ANSI Information
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A0.21
 
ANSI Information
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A0.22
 
ANSI Information
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A0.23
 
Fire Proofing
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A0.50
 
Site Plan - Aerial
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A1.00
 
Site Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.01
 
Level 1 Overall Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.02
 
Level Interstitial Overall Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.03
 
Level 2 Overall Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.04
 
Level 3 Overall Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.11
 
Level 1 Area A Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.12
 
Level 1 Area B Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.13
 
Level 1 Area C Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.14
 
Level 1 Area D Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.15
 
Level 1 Area E Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.23
 
Level Interstitial Area C Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.24
 
Level Interstitial Area D Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.31
 
Level 2 Area A Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.32
 
Level 2 Area B Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.33
 
Level 2 Area C Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.34
 
Level 2 Area D Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.35
 
Level 2 Area E Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.44
 
Level 3 Area D Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.51
 
Level 1 Area A Slab Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.52
 
Level 1 Area B Slab Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.53
 
Level 1 Area C Slab Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A2.54
 
Level 1 Area D Slab Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.55
 
Level 1 Area E Slab Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.63
 
Level Interstitial Area C Slab Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A2.64
 
Level Interstitial Area D Slab Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.71
 
Level 2 Area A Slab Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.72
 
Level 3 Area B Slab Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.73
 
Level 3 Area C Slab Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A2.74
 
Level 3 Area D Slab Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
   Diamond Jo Casino Drawing Index - EXHIBIT E
 
9/25/2007
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Sheet No.
 
Sheet Title/Description
 
Original 
Issue Date
 
DD Addendum 
Issue Date
 
Structural 
Update
A2.73
 
Level 3 Area C Slab Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.74
 
Level 3 Area D Slab Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A2.75
 
Level 2 Area E Slab Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.01
 
Level 1 Overall RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.02
 
Level Interstitial Overall RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.03
 
Level 2 Overall RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.11
 
Level 1 Area A RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.12
 
Level 1 Area B RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.13
 
Level 1 Area C RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.14
 
Level 1 Area D RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.15
 
Level 1 Area E RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.23
 
Level Interstitial Area C RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.24
 
Level Interstitial Area D RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.31
 
Level 2 Area A RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.32
 
Level 2Area B RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.33
 
Level 2 Area C RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.34
 
Level 2 Area D RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A3.35
 
Level 2 Area E RCP
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A4.01
 
Overall Roof Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A5.10
 
Elevation - East
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A5.11
 
A5.11 pdf
 
 
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A5.20
 
Elevation - South
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A5.30
 
Elevation - West
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A5.40
 
Elevation - North
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A6.01
 
Building Section 3-4
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A6.02
 
Building Section M-N
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A6.03
 
Building Section C-D
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A6.06
 
Building Section temp A6
 
 
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A6.21
 
Wall Sections
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.01
 
Stair Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.01
 
Stair Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.02
 
Stair Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.03
 
Stair Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.04
 
Stair Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A7.05
 
Stair Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A7.06
 
Stair Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.07
 
Stair Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.08
 
Stair Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.09
 
Stair Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.11
 
Stair Enlarged Plan A7
 
 
 
5/25/2007
 
 
A7.21
 
Elevator Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
   Diamond Jo Casino Drawing Index - EXHIBIT E
 
9/25/2007
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Sheet No.
 
Sheet Title/Description
 
Original 
Issue Date
 
DD Addendum 
Issue Date
 
Structural 
Update
A7.22
 
Elevator Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.23
 
Elevator Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.24
 
Escalator Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.31
 
Restroom Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.32
 
Restroom Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.33
 
Restroom Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.34
 
Restroom Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.35
 
Restroom Enlarged Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.41
 
Enlarged Plan A7
 
5/25/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.42
 
Lounge Enlarged Plan A7
 
5/25/2007
 
 
 
 
A7.43
 
Lounge Enlarged Plan A7
 
5/25/2007
 
 
 
 
A8.01
 
Wall Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A8.02
 
Wall Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A8.03
 
Wall Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A8.10
 
Ceiling Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A8.20
 
Roof Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A8.21
 
Roof Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A8.22
 
Roof Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A8.31
 
Misc. Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A8.32
 
Misc. Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A8.33
 
Misc. Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A8.41
 
Exterior Wall Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A9.00
 
Door and Hardware Schedule
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A9.01
 
Door Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A9.02
 
Door Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A9.50
 
Window Detail
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
A9.51
 
Window Detail
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
 
LIFE SAFETY
 
 
 
 
 
 
LS2.01
 
Level 1 Overall Floor Plan - Egress
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
LS2.02
 
Interstitial Overall Floor Plan - Egress
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
LS2.03
 
Level 2 Overall Floor Plan - Egress
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
 
CIVIL/ LANDSCAPING
 
 
 
 
 
 
C1.1
 
General Information Sheet
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
C2.1
 
Site Removals Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
C3.1
 
Site Utility Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
C4.1
 
Site Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
C5.1
 
Site Paving Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
C6.1
 
Site Landscape Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
C6.2
 
Site Landscape Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
9950
 
Major Site Plan
 
 
 
5/25/2007
 
 
Survey
 
Survey
 
 
 
5/25/2007
 
 
 
   Diamond Jo Casino Drawing Index - EXHIBIT E
 
9/25/2007
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Sheet No.
 
Sheet Title/Description
 
Original 
Issue Date
 
DD Addendum 
Issue Date
 
Structural 
Update
1 of 2
 
Storm Water Pollution Prevention Plan
 
 
 
5/25/2007
 
 
2 of 2
 
Storm Water Pollution Prevention Plan
 
 
 
5/25/2007
 
 
 
 
STRUCTURAL
 
 
 
 
 
 
S1.00
 
General Structural Notes
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S1.10
 
Typical Details (General)
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S1.11
 
Typical Details (Concrete)
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S1.12
 
Typical Details (Concrete)
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S1.20
 
Typical Details (Steel)
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S1.21
 
Typical Details (Steel)
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.11
 
Area A Foundation Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.12
 
Area B Foundation Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.13
 
Area C Foundation Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.14
 
Area D Foundation Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.15
 
Area E Foundation Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.21
 
Area A Slap Top Reinforcing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.22
 
Area B Slab Top Reinforcing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.23
 
Area C Slab Top Reinforcing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.24
 
Area D Slab Top Reinforcing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.25
 
Area E Slab Top Reinforcing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.31
 
Area A Slab Bottom Reinforcing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.32
 
Area B Slab Bottom Reinforcing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.33
 
Area C Slab Bottom Reinforcing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.34
 
Area D Slab Bottom Reinforcing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S2.35
 
Area E Slab Bottom Reinforcing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S3.11
 
Area A Second Floor Framing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S3.12
 
Area B Second Floor Framing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S3.13
 
Area C Second Floor Framing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S3.14
 
Area D Second Floor Framing plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S3.15
 
Area E Second Floor Framing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S4.11
 
Area A Roof Framing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S4.12
 
Area B Roof Framing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S4.13
 
Area C Roof Framing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S4.14
 
Area D Roof Framing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S4.15
 
Area E Roof Framing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S5.10
 
Steel Column Schedules
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S5.11
 
Steel Brace Frame Elevations
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S6.11
 
Foundation Details
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
S6.12
 
Foundation Details
 
5/7/2007
 
5/25/2007
 
6/22/2007
 
 
MECHANICAL
 
 
 
 
 
 
M0.00
 
Legend, Schedules, General Notes
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M0.01
 
Schedules
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
   Diamond Jo Casino Drawing Index - EXHIBIT E
 
9/25/2007
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Sheet No.
 
Sheet Title/Description
 
Original 
Issue Date
 
DD Addendum 
Issue Date
 
Structural 
Update
M0.02
 
Schedules
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M0.03
 
Automatic Temperature Control Diagrams
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M0.04
 
Automatic Temperature Control Diagrams
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M0.05
 
Automatic Temperature Control Diagrams
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M0.06
 
Automatic Temperature Control Diagrams
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M0.07
 
Automatic Temperature Control Diagrams
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M1.10A
 
Area A First Floor Plan - Mechanical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M1.01B
 
Area B First Floor Plan - Mechanical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M1.01C
 
Area C First Floor Plan - Mechanical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M1.01D
 
Area D First Floor Plan - Mechanical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M1.01E
 
Area E First Floor Plan - Mechanical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M1.20A
 
Area A Second Floor Plan - Mechanical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M1.20B
 
Area B Second Floor Plan - Mechanical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M1.20C
 
Area C Second Floor Plan - Mechanical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M1.20D
 
Area D Second Floor Plan - Mechanical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M1.20E
 
Area E Second Floor Plan -Mechanical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M1.23
 
Area C Interstitial Floor Plan - Mechanical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M2.10A
 
Area A First Floor Plan - Mechanical Piping
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M2.10B
 
Area B First Floor Plan - Mechanical Piping
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M2.10C
 
Area C First Floor Plan - Mechanical Piping
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M2.10D
 
Area D First Floor Plan - Mechanical Piping
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M2.10E
 
Area E First Floor Plan - Mechanical Piping
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M2.20A
 
Area A Second Floor Plan - Mechanical Piping
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M2.20B
 
Area B Second Floor Plan - Mechanical Piping
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M2.20C
 
Area C Second Floor Plan - Mechanical Piping
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M2.20D
 
Area D Second Floor Plan - Mechanical Piping
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M2.20E
 
Area E Second Floor Plan - Mechanical Piping
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M3.00
 
Enlarge Partial Roof Plan - Mechanical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M3.01
 
Enlarge Partial Roof Plan - Mechanical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M3.02
 
Enlarge Partial Roof Plan - Mechanical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M5.00
 
Chilled / Condenser Water Flow Diagrams
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M5.01
 
Condenser Water Row Diagrams
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M5.02
 
Hot Water Row Diagrams
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
M6.00
 
Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
 
PLUMBING
 
 
 
 
 
 
P0.00
 
Legend Schedules, General Notes
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P1.10A
 
Area A First Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P1.10B
 
Area B First Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P1.10C
 
Area C First Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P1.10D
 
Area D First Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P1.10E
 
Area E First Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
   Diamond Jo Casino Drawing Index - EXHIBIT E
 
9/25/2007
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Sheet No.
 
Sheet Title/Description
 
Original 
Issue Date
 
DD Addendum 
Issue Date
 
Structural 
Update
P1.20A
 
Area A Second Floor
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P1.20B
 
Area B Second Floor
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P1.20C
 
Area C Second Floor
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P1.20D
 
Area D Second Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P1.20E
 
Area E Second Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P2.23
 
Area C Interstitial Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P3.00
 
Enlarged Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P3.01
 
Enlarged Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P3.02
 
Enlarged Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P3.03
 
Enlarged Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P3.04
 
Enlarged Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P3.05
 
Enlarged Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P3.06
 
Enlarged Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P3.07
 
Enlarged Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P3.08
 
Enlarged Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
P4.00
 
Details
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
 
ELECTRICAL
 
 
 
 
 
 
EG.00
 
Symbol List, General Notes, Sheet Index
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
EG.01
 
Fixture Schedule
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
ES1.01
 
Site Plan - Electrical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E0.10
 
Overall First Floor Plan - Electrical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E0.20
 
Overall Intersititial Floor Plan - Electrical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E0.30
 
Overall Second Floor Plan - Electrical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E0.40
 
Overall Third Floor Plan - Electrical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E0.50
 
Overall Roof Plan - Electrical
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E1.10A
 
Area A First Floor Plan - Lighting
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E1.10b
 
Area B First Floor Plan - Lighting
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E1.10C
 
Area C First Floor Plan - Lighting
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E1.10D
 
Area D First Floor Plan - Lighting
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E1.10E
 
Area E First Floor Plan - Lighting
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E1.20A
 
Area A Second Floor Plan - Lighting
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E1.20B
 
Area B Second Floor Plan - Lighting
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E1.20C
 
Area C Second Floor Plan - Lighting
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E1.20D
 
Area D Second Floor Plan - Lighting
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E1.20E
 
Area E Second Floor Plan - Lighting
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E2.10A
 
Area A First Floor Plan - Power
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E2.10B
 
Area B First Floor Plan - Power
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E2.10C
 
Area C First Floor Plan - Power
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E2.10D
 
Area D First Floor Plan - Power
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E2.10E
 
Area E First Floor Plan - Power
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E2.20A
 
Area A Second Floor Plan - Power
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
   Diamond Jo Casino Drawing Index - EXHIBIT E
 
9/25/2007
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Sheet No.
 
Sheet Title/Description
 
Original 
Issue Date
 
DD Addendum 
Issue Date
 
Structural 
Update
E2.20B
 
Area B Second Floor Plan - Power
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E2.20C
 
Area C Second Floor Plan - Power
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E2.20D
 
Area D Second Floor Plan - Power
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E2.20E
 
Area E Second Floor Plan - Power
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E4.01
 
Enlarged Electrical Plans
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E4.02
 
Enlarged Electrical Plans
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E4.03
 
Enlarged Electrical Plans
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E4.04
 
Enlarged Electrical Plans
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E4.05
 
Enlarged Electrical Plans - Buffet
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E5.00
 
Feeder Schedule Calculations
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E5.01
 
Single Line Diagram
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E5.02
 
Single Line Diagram
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E6.01
 
Electrical Diagrams
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E7.01
 
Panel Schedules
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
E7.01
 
Panel Schedules
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
 
FOOD SERVICE
 
 
 
 
 
 
FSA-1
 
Food Service Equipment Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
FSB-1
 
Food Service Equipment Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
FSC-1
 
Food Service Equipment Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
FSD-1
 
Food Service Equipment Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
FSE-1
 
Food Service Equipment Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
FSF-1
 
Food Service Equipment Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
FSG-1
 
Food Service Equipment Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
 
INTERIOR DESIGN
 
 
 
 
 
 
I0.00
 
Cover Sheet
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I0.01
 
ADA Notes
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I0.02
 
ADA Notes
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.00
 
Overall Level 1 Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.01
 
Overall Level 2 Floor Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.02A
 
Level 1 Area A Floor Finish Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.02B
 
Level 1 Area B Floor Finish Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.02C
 
Level 1 Area C Floor Finish Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.02D
 
Level 1 Area D Floor Finish Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.02E
 
Level 1 Area E Floor Finish Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.03A
 
Level 1 Area A Floor Furnishing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.03B
 
Level 1 Area B Floor Furnishing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.03C
 
Level 1 Area C Floor Furnishing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.03D
 
Level 1 Area D Floor Furnishing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.03E
 
Level 1 Area E Floor Furnishing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.04A
 
Level 2 Area A Finish Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.04B
 
Level 2 Area B Finish Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
   Diamond Jo Casino Drawing Index - EXHIBIT E
 
9/25/2007
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Sheet No.
 
Sheet Title/Description
 
Original 
Issue Date
 
DD Addendum 
Issue Date
 
Structural 
Update
I2.04C
 
Level 2 Area C Finish Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.04D
 
Level 2 Area D Finish Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.04E
 
Level 2 Area E Finish Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.05A
 
Level 2 Area A Furnishing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.05B
 
Level 2 Area B Furnishing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.05C
 
Level 2 Area C Furnishing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.05D
 
Level 2 Area D Furnishing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.05E
 
Level 2 Area E Furnishing Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.10A
 
Level 1 Area A Reflected Ceiling Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.10B
 
Level 1 Area B Reflected Ceiling Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.10C
 
Level 1 Area C Reflected Ceiling Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.10D
 
Level 1 Area D Reflected Ceiling Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.10E
 
Level 1 Area E Reflected Ceiling Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.11A
 
Level 2 Area A Reflected Ceiling Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.11B
 
Level 2 Area B Reflected Ceiling Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.11C
 
Level 2 Area C Reflected Ceiling Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.11D
 
Level 2 Area D Reflected Ceiling Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
I2.11E
 
Level 2 Area E Reflected Ceiling Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
 
LIGHTING
 
 
 
 
 
 
LC1.0
 
Site Lighting Plan and Calculations
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
LC1.01.1
 
Site Landscaping Lighting Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
LC2.01
 
Level 1 Overall Floor Level Lighting Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
LC2.03
 
Level 2 Overall Floor Level Lighting Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
LC5.1
 
Exterior Lighting Elevation North
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
LC5.2
 
Exterior Lighting Elevation South
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
LC5.30
 
Exterior Lighting Elevation West
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
LC5.40
 
Exterior Lighting Elevation East
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
 
AUDIO / VIDEO
 
 
 
 
 
 
TA0.00
 
Symbol List, Cable Schedule, Sheet Index
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA0.01
 
Lounge Video & Control System - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA0.02
 
Lounge Audio One Line - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA1.10A
 
Area A First Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA1.10B
 
Area B First Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA1.10C
 
Area C First Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA1.10D
 
Area D First Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA1.10E
 
Area E First Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA1.20A
 
Area A Second Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA1.20B
 
Area B Second Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA1.20C
 
Area C Second Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA1.20D
 
Area D Second Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA1.20E
 
Area E Second Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
   Diamond Jo Casino Drawing Index - EXHIBIT E
 
9/25/2007
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Sheet No.
 
Sheet Title/Description
 
Original 
Issue Date
 
DD Addendum  
Issue date
 
Structural 
Update
TA2. 10A
 
Area A First Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA2. 10B
 
Area B First Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA2. 10C
 
Area C First Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA2. 10D
 
Area D First Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA2. 10E
 
Area E First Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA2. 20A
 
Area A Second Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA2. 20B
 
Area B Second Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA2. 20C
 
Area C Second Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA2. 20D
 
Area D Second Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TA2. 20E
 
Area E Second Floor Plan - A/V
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
 
TELECOM
 
 
 
 
 
 
T0.00
 
Symbol List, Cable Schedule, Sheet Index
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
T0.10
 
Overall First Floor Plan - Telecomm
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
T0.30
 
Overall Second Floor Plan - Telecomm
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
TS1.01
 
Telecom Site Plan
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
T2.10A
 
Area A First Floor Plan - Telecomm
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
T2.10B
 
Area B First Floor Plan - Telecomm
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
T2.10C
 
Area C First Floor Plan - Telecomm
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
T2.10D
 
Area D First Floor Plan - Telecomm
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
T2.10E
 
Area E First Floor Plan - Telecomm
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
T2.20A
 
Area A Second Floor Plan - Telecomm
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
T2.20B
 
Area B Second Floor Plan - Telecomm
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
T2.20C
 
Area C Second Floor Plan - Telecomm
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
T2.20D
 
Area D Second Floor Plan - Telecomm
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
T2.20E
 
Area E Second Floor Plan - Telecomm
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
T4.00
 
Area E Enlarged Main Telecomm 2nd Level
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
T4.01
 
Enlarged Telecomm Plans
 
5/7/2007
 
 
 
 
 
 
SPECIFICATIONS
 
 
 
 
 
 
07.0030.F00
 
Dubuque FPR 5.02.2007
 
 
 
5/25/2007
 
 
9950
 
Plantings
 
 
 
5/25/2007
 
 
9950
 
Site Furniture
 
 
 
5/25/2007
 
 
DD Spec.
 
Design Development Spec 2007-05-11
 
 
 
5/25/2007
 
 
FPR
 
FPR Drawings 5-7-07
 
 
 
5/25/2007
 
 
VT Spec
 
Vertical Transportation Spec 2007-05-11
 
 
 
5/25/2007
 
 
 
   Diamond Jo Casino Drawing Index - EXHIBIT E
 
9/25/2007
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Exhibit G
 
ACORDTM             CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE
 
 OP ID 65
 CONCON1
DATE (MM/DD/YYYY)
10/03/07
PRODUCER
Cottingham & Butler, Inc.
300 SECURITY BUILDING PO BX 28
DUBUQUE IA 52001
Phone: 563-587-5000      Fax: 563-583-7339
 
THIS CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AS A MATTER OF INFORMATIon ONLY AND CONFERS NO 
RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AMEND, EXTEND 
OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES BELOW
INSURED
 
 INSURERS AFFORDING COVERAGE
 NAIC #
      
 
 insurer A:     Zurich American
 16535
      
 
 INSURER B:     American Guarantee & Liability
 26247
    Conlon Construction Company
 insurer C:      Phoenix Insurance Compay
 25623
    Po Box 3400, 1100 Rockdale Rd.
 INSURER D:
  
    Dubuque IA 52001
 INSURER E:
  
     
  
  
 COVERAGES
  
  
 THE POLICIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED
 NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD INDICATED. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY
 REQUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH
 RESPECT TO WHICH THIS CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN, THE
 INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE
 TERMS, EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. AGGREGATE LIMITS SHOWN
 MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.
 
INSR
LTR
 
ADDL
INSRD
 
TYPE OF INSURANCE
 
POLICY NUMBER
 
POLICY EFFECTIVE
DATE (MM/DD/YY)
 
POLICY EXPIRATION
DATE (MM/DD/YY)
 
LIMITS
 
 
 
 
GENERAL LIABILITY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EACH OCCURRENCE
 
$
2000000
 
 
 
 
x  COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY
 
GLO 9138471-01
 
07/01/07
 
07/01/08
 
DAMAGE TO RENTED PREMISES (Ea occurence)
 
$
1000000
A
 
 
 
oo        CLAIMS MADE        x  OCCUR
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MED EXP (Any one person)
 
$
10000
 
 
 
 
o
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PERSONAL & ADV INJURY
 
$
2000000
 
 
 
 
o
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL AGGREGATE
 
$
4000000
 
 
 
 
GENL AGGREGATE LIMIT APPLIES PER:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PRODUCTS - COMP/OP AGG
 
$
4000000
 
 
 
 
o    POLICY      x    PROJECT      o    LOC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COMBINED SINGLE LIMIT
(Ea accident)
 
$
1000000
A
 
 
 
x
ANY AUTO
 
BAP 9138472-01
 
07/01/07
 
07/01/08
 
BODILY INJURY
(Per person)
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
o
ALL OWNED AUTOS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BODILY INJURY
(Per accident)
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
x
SCHEDULED AUTOS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PROPERTY DAMAGE
(Per accident)
 
$
 
 
 
 
 
x
HIRED AUTOS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
o
NON-OWNED AUTOS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
x
Hrd Auto Phys Dam
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$100 Comp/$250Coll
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GARAGE LIABILITY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AUTO ONLY - EA ACCIDENT
 
$
 
 
 
 
o
ANY AUTO
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OTHER THAN
EA ACC
 
$
 
 
 
 
o
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AUTO ONLY:
AGG
 
$
 
 
 
 
EXCESS/UMBRELLA LIABILITY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EACH OCCURRENCE
 
$
 10,000,000
B
 
 
 
x  OCCUR
o  CLAIMS MADE
 
AUC9138485-00
 
07/01/07
 
07/01/08
 
AGGREGATE
 
$
 10,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$
 
 
 
 
o  DEDUCTIBLE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$
 
 
 
 
o  RETENTION
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
$
 
 
WORKERS COMPENSATION AND EMPLOYERS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
x 
WC STATUTORY LIMITS
o
OTHER
 
 
 
 
LIABILITY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A
 
ANY PROPRIETOR/PARTNER/EXECUTIVE OFFICER/MEMBER EXCLUDED?
 
WC9138473-01
 
07/01/07
 
07/01/08
 
E.L. EACH ACCIDENT
 
$
 1000000
 
 
If yes, describe under
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E.L. DISEASE - EA EMPLOYEE
 
$
 1000000
 
 
SPECIAL PROVISIONS below
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
E.L. DISEASE - POLICY LIMIT
 
$
 1000000
C
 
OTHER Property
 
QT660140D6028PHX07
 
07/01/07
 
07/01/08
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS / LOCATIONS / VEHICLES / EXCLUSIONS ADDED BY 
ENDORSEMENT / SPECIAL PROVISIONS
------------------------------------------------------------------------
*Except for nonpayment of premium. The certificate holder is additional 
insured on the general liability policy and the auto liability policy. A 
waiver of subrogation is included in favor of the certificate holder in 
regards to the workers compensation policy, auto liability policy and the 
general liability policy on a primary and non-contributory basis.
 
CERTIFICATE HOLDER
CANCELLATION
     DIJ0IAI

  Diamond Jo, LLC
  DBA Diamond Jo Casino
  3rd St Harbor
  P. O. Box 1750
  Dubuque IA 52004-1750
SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE THE 
EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, THE ISSUING INSURER WILL ENDEAVOR TO MAIL *30 
DAYS WRITTEN NOTICE TO THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER NAMED TO THE LEFT, BUT 
FAILURE TO DO SO SHALL IMPOSE NO OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY OF ANY KIND UPON 
THE INSURER, ITS AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES.
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE

/s/ John J. Ottevi
ACORD 25 (2001/08)
 © ACORD CORPORATION 1988
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IMPORTANT
 
If the certificate holder is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the policy(ies) must be 
endorsed. A statement on this certificate does not confer rights to the 
certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s).
 
If SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subject to the terms and conditions of the 
policy, certain policies may require an endorsement. A statement on this 
certificate does not confer rights to the certificate holder in lieu of 
such endorsement(s).
 
DISCLAIMER
 
The Certificate of Insurance on the reverse side of this form does not 
constitute a contract between the issuing insurer(s), authorized 
representative or producer, and the certificate holder, nor does it 
affirmatively or negatively amend, extend or alter the coverage afforded by 
the policies listed thereon.
 
ACORD 25 (2001/08)
------------------------------------------------------------------------