 EX-10.1 3 exhibit2.htm EX-10.1

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is effective      , 2007, between Group 1 Automotive, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation (the Corporation), and the undersigned director or 
officer of the Corporation (Indemnitee).

WHEREAS, the Corporation has adopted a Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation and Bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time, the 
Charter Documents) providing for indemnification of the Corporations 
directors and officers; and

WHEREAS, the Charter Documents and the Delaware General Corporation Law 
(the DGCL) contemplate that contracts and insurance policies may be 
entered into with respect to indemnification of directors and officers; and

WHEREAS, there are questions concerning the adequacy and reliability of the 
protection which might be afforded to directors and officers Directors and 
Officers Liability Insurance (D&O Insurance), covering certain 
liabilities which might be incurred by directors and officers in the 
performance of their services to the Corporation; and

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Corporation to 
obligate itself contractually to indemnify Indemnitee so that he will serve 
or continue to serve the Corporation free from undue concern that he will 
not be adequately protected.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants 
contained herein, the Corporation and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and 
agree as follows:

1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement:

(a) The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or 
completed action, suit, claim, inquiry or proceeding, whether brought by or 
in the right of the Corporation or otherwise and whether of a civil, 
criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative nature, in which 
Indemnitee is or is reasonably expected to be involved as a party, as a 
witness or otherwise, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a 
director or officer of the Corporation, by reason of any action taken by 
him or of any inaction on his part while acting as a director or officer of 
the Corporation or by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the 
request of the Corporation as a director, officer, trustee, employee or 
agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited 
liability company or other enterprise; in each case whether or not he is 
acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense 
is incurred for which indemnification or reimbursement can be provided 
under this Agreement; provided that any such action, suit, claim, inquiry 
or proceeding which is brought by Indemnitee against the Corporation or 
directors or officers of the Corporation, other than an action brought by 
Indemnitee to enforce his rights under this Agreement, shall not be deemed 
a Proceeding without prior approval by a majority of the Board of Directors 
of the Corporation.

(b) The term Expenses shall include, without limitation, any judgments, 
fines and penalties against Indemnitee in connection with a Proceeding; 
amounts paid by Indemnitee in settlement of a Proceeding pursuant to this 
Agreement; and all attorneys fees and disbursements, accountants fees, 
private investigation fees and disbursements, retainers, court costs, 
transcript costs, fees of experts, fees and expenses of witnesses, travel 
expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, 
postage, delivery service fees, and all other disbursements, or expenses, 
reasonably incurred by or for Indemnitee in connection with prosecuting, 
defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or 
preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding or establishing Indemnitees 
right of entitlement to indemnification for any of the foregoing.

(c) References to Indemnitees being or acting as a director or officer of 
the Corporation or serving at the request of the Corporation as a 
director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability company or other 
enterprise shall include in each case service to or actions taken while a 
director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of any subsidiary of the 
Corporation or while serving as a member of a committee of the Board of 
Directors of the Corporation.

(d) References to other enterprise shall include employee benefit plans; 
references to fines shall include any excise tax assessed with respect to 
any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the 
Corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or 
agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, 
such director, officer, trustee, employee or agent with respect to an 
employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who 
acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the 
interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan 
shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interest 
of the Corporation as referred to in this Agreement.

(e) The term substantiating documentation shall mean copies of bills or 
invoices for costs incurred by or for Indemnitee, or copies of court or 
agency orders or decrees or settlement agreements, as the case may be, 
accompanied by a sworn statement from Indemnitee that such bills, invoices, 
court or agency orders or decrees or settlement agreements, represent costs 
or liabilities meeting the definition of Expenses herein.

(f) The terms he and his have been used for convenience and mean she 
and her if Indemnitee is a female.

2. Indemnity of Director or Officer. The Corporation hereby agrees to hold 
harmless and indemnify Indemnitee against Expenses to the fullest extent 
authorized or permitted by law (including the applicable provisions of the 
DGCL). The phrase to the fullest extent permitted by law shall include, 
but not be limited to (a) to the fullest extent permitted by any provision 
of the DGCL that authorizes or permits additional indemnification by 
agreement, or the corresponding provision of any amendment to or 
replacement of the DGCL and (b) to the fullest extent authorized or 
permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the DGCL adopted after 
the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation 
may indemnify its officers and directors. Any amendment, alteration or 
repeal of the DGCL that adversely affects any right of Indemnitee shall be 
prospective only and shall not limit or eliminate any such right with 
respect to any Proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of 
any action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment or 
repeal.

3. Additional Indemnity. The Corporation hereby further agrees to hold 
harmless and indemnify Indemnitee against Expenses incurred by reason of 
the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, employee or agent 
of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation 
as a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability company or other 
enterprise, but only if Indemnitee acted in good faith and, in the case of 
conduct in his official capacity, in a manner he reasonably believed to be 
in the best interests of the Corporation and, in all other cases, not 
opposed to the best interests of the Corporation. Additionally, in the case 
of a criminal proceeding, Indemnitee must have had no reasonable cause to 
believe that his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any Proceeding by 
judgment, order of the court, settlement, conviction or upon a plea of nolo 
contendere, or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption 
that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he 
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the 
Corporation, and with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee 
had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

4. Contribution. If the indemnification provided under Section 2 or Section 
3 is unavailable by reason of a court decision finding that Indemnitee is 
not eligible to receive indemnification for Expenses incurred by Indemnitee 
under this Agreement, based on grounds other than any of those set forth in 
Section 15, then, in respect of any Proceeding in which the Corporation is 
jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), 
the Corporation shall contribute to the amount of Expenses actually and 
reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in such proportion as 
is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the 
Corporation on one hand and Indemnitee on the other from the transaction 
from which such Proceeding arose and (ii) the relative fault of the 
Corporation on the one hand and of Indemnitee on the other in connection 
with the events that resulted in such Expenses as well as any other 
relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Corporation on 
the one hand and of Indemnitee on the other shall be determined by 
reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, 
access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the 
circumstances resulting in such Expenses. The Corporation agrees that it 
would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 4 
were determined by pro rata allocation or any other method of allocation 
that does not take into account of the foregoing equitable considerations.

5. Choice of Counsel. Each Indemnitee that is an Outside Director or Other 
Indemnitee, together with the other Indemnitees who are designated in the 
same group, shall be entitled to employ, and be reimbursed for the fees and 
disbursements of, separate counsel to represent the Outside Directors or 
the Other Indemnitees, as the case may be, in connection with any 
Proceeding. For purposes of this Agreement, an Indemnitee shall be 
designated as (i) an Outside Director if such Indemnitee is a director 
and not an officer of the Corporation or (ii) an Other Indemnitee if such 
Indemnitee is not an Outside Director. The principal counsel for Outside 
Directors (Outside Director Counsel) shall be determined by majority vote 
of the Outside Directors and the Principal Counsel for the Other 
Indemnitees (Other Indemnitee Counsel) shall be determined by majority 
vote of the Other Indemnitees, in each case subject to the consent of the 
Corporation (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The obligation of 
the Corporation to reimburse Indemnitee for the fees and disbursements of 
counsel hereunder shall not extend to the fees and disbursements of any 
counsel employed by Indemnitee other than Outside Director Counsel or Other 
Indemnitee Counsel, as the case may be, unless Indemnitee has interests 
that are different from those of the other Indemnitees or defenses 
available to him that are in addition to or different from those of the 
other Indemnitees such that Outside Director Counsel or Other Indemnitee 
Counsel, as the case may be, would have an actual, apparent or potential 
conflict of interest in representing Indemnitee.

6. Advances of Expenses. Expenses (other than judgments, penalties, fines 
and settlements) incurred by Indemnitee shall be paid by the Corporation, 
in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding, within 20 calendar 
days after receipt of Indemnitees written request accompanied by 
substantiating documentation and Indemnitees written affirmation that he 
has met the standard of conduct for indemnification and a written 
undertaking to repay such amount to the extent it is ultimately determined 
that indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification. No objections based on 
or involving the question whether such charges meet the definition of 
Expenses, including any question regarding the reasonableness of such 
Expenses, shall be grounds for failure to advance such amount to 
Indemnitee, or to reimburse such Indemnitee for, the amount claimed within 
such 20-day period, and the undertaking of Indemnitee set forth in Section 
8 hereof to repay any such amount to the extent it is ultimately determined 
that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification shall be deemed to 
include an undertaking to repay any such amounts determined not to have met 
such definition.

7. Right of Indemnitee to Indemnification Upon Application; Procedure Upon 
Application. Any indemnification under this Agreement, other than advances 
pursuant to Section 6 hereof, shall be made no later than 60 days after 
receipt by the Corporation of the written request of Indemnitee, 
accompanied by substantiating documentation, unless a determination is made 
within said 60-day period by (a) the Board of Directors by a majority vote 
of a quorum consisting of directors who are not or were not parties to such 
Proceeding, (b) a committee of the Board of Directors designated by 
majority vote of the Board of Directors, even though less than a quorum, 
(c) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, 
independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (d) the stockholders, 
that Indemnitee has not met the relevant standards for indemnification set 
forth in Section 3 hereof.

The right to indemnification or advances as provided by this Agreement 
shall be enforceable by Indemnitee in any court of competent jurisdiction. 
The burden of proving that indemnification is not appropriate shall be on 
the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its 
Board of Directors, any committee thereof, independent legal counsel or its 
stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of 
such action that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because 
Indemnitee has met the applicable standards of conduct, nor an actual 
determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, any 
committee thereof, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that 
Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a 
defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met 
the applicable standard of conduct.

8. Undertaking by Indemnitee. Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay to the 
Corporation (a) any advances of Expenses pursuant to Section 6 hereof and 
(b) any judgments, penalties, fines and settlements paid to or on behalf of 
Indemnitee hereunder, in each case to the extent that it is ultimately 
determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification. As a 
condition to the advancement of such Expenses or the payment of such 
judgments, penalties, fines and settlements, Indemnitee shall, at the 
request of the Corporation, execute an acknowledgment that such Expenses or 
such judgments, penalties, fines and settlements, as the case may be, are 
delivered pursuant and are subject to the provisions of this Agreement.

9. Indemnification Hereunder Not Exclusive. The indemnification and 
advancement of expenses provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed 
exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled under the 
Charter Documents, the DGCL, any D&O Insurance, any agreement, or 
otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in 
another capacity while holding such office of the Corporation; provided, 
however, that this Agreement supersedes all prior written indemnification 
agreements between the Corporation (or any predecessor thereof) and 
Indemnitee with respect to the subject matter hereof. However, Indemnitee 
shall reimburse the Corporation for amounts paid to him pursuant to such 
other rights to the extent such payments duplicate any payments received 
pursuant to this Agreement.

10. Continuation of Indemnity. All agreements and obligations of the 
Corporation contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee is 
a director or officer of the Corporation (or is or was serving at the 
request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of 
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability 
company or other enterprise) and shall continue thereafter so long as 
Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (notwithstanding the 
fact that Indemnitee has ceased to serve the Corporation).

11. Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision 
of this Agreement to indemnification by the Corporation for a portion of 
Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Corporation 
shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion of such Expenses to 
which Indemnitee is entitled.

12. Settlement of Claims. The Corporation shall not be liable to indemnify 
Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any 
Proceeding effected without the Corporations prior written consent. The 
Corporation shall not settle any Proceeding in any manner which would 
impose any penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior 
written consent. Neither the Corporation nor Indemnitee will unreasonably 
withhold or delay their consent to any proposed settlement. The Corporation 
shall not be liable to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement with 
regard to any judicial award if the Corporation was not given a reasonable 
and timely opportunity, at its expense, to participate in the defense of 
such action.

13. Acknowledgements.

(a) Corporation Acknowledgement. The Corporation expressly confirms and 
agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations 
imposed on the Corporation hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve or 
to continue to serve as a director or officer of the Corporation, and 
acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in agreeing to 
serve or in continuing to serve as a director or officer of the 
Corporation.

(b) Mutual Acknowledgment. Both the Corporation and Indemnitee acknowledge 
that in certain instances, Federal law or public policy may override 
applicable state law and prohibit the Corporation from indemnifying its 
directors and officers under this Agreement or otherwise. For example, the 
Corporation and Indemnitee acknowledge that the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the SEC) has taken the position that indemnification is not 
permissible for liabilities arising under certain federal securities laws, 
and federal legislation prohibits indemnification for certain ERISA 
violations. Indemnitee understands and acknowledges that the Corporation 
has undertaken or may be required in the future to undertake with the SEC 
to submit the question of indemnification to a court in certain 
circumstances for a determination of the Corporations right under public 
policy to indemnify Indemnitee.

14. Enforcement. In the event Indemnitee is required to bring any action or 
other proceeding to enforce rights or to collect moneys due under this 
Agreement and is successful in such action, the Corporation shall reimburse 
Indemnitee for all of Indemnitees Expenses in bringing and pursuing such 
action.

15. Exceptions. Any other provision herein to the contrary notwithstanding, 
the Corporation shall not be obligated pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement:

(a) No Entitlement to Indemnification. To indemnify Indemnitee for any 
expenses incurred by Indemnitee with respect to any proceeding instituted 
by Indemnitee to enforce or interpret this Agreement, if a court of 
competent jurisdiction determines that Indemnitee was not entitled to 
indemnification hereunder;

(b) Insured Claims. To indemnify Indemnitee for Expenses or liabilities of 
any type whatsoever (including, but not limited to, judgments, fines, ERISA 
excise taxes or penalties, and amounts paid in settlement) to the extent 
such Expenses or liabilities have been paid directly to Indemnitee by an 
insurance carrier under a D&O Insurance policy maintained by the 
Corporation;

(c) Remuneration in Violation of Law. To indemnify Indemnitee in respect of 
remuneration paid to Indemnitee if it shall be determined by a final 
judgment or other final adjudication that such remuneration was in 
violation of law;

(d) Indemnification Unlawful. To indemnify Indemnitee if a final decision 
by a court having jurisdiction in the matter shall determine that such 
indemnification is not lawful;

(e) Misconduct, Etc. To indemnify Indemnitee on account of Indemnitees 
conduct which is finally adjudged to have been knowingly fraudulent or 
deliberately dishonest or to constitute intentional misconduct, a knowing 
violation of law, a violation of Section 174 of the DGCL or a transaction 
from which Indemnitee derived an improper personal benefit;

(f) Breach of Duty. To indemnify Indemnitee on account of Indemnitees 
conduct which is the subject of any Proceeding brought by the Corporation 
and approved by a majority of the Board of Directors which alleges willful 
misappropriation of corporate assets by Indemnitee, disclosure of 
confidential information in violation of Indemnitees fiduciary or 
contractual obligations to the Corporation, or any other willful and 
deliberate breach in bad faith of Indemnitees duty to the Corporation or 
its stockholders; or

(g) Claims Under Section 16(b). To indemnify Indemnitee for expenses or the 
payment of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of 
securities in violation of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, or any similar successor statute.

16. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable (a) the validity, legality and 
enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be 
in any way affected or impaired thereby, and (b) to the fullest extent 
possible, the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed so as to give 
effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable. Each section of this Agreement is a separate and independent 
portion of this Agreement. If the indemnification to which Indemnitee is 
entitled with respect to any aspect of any claim varies between two or more 
sections of this Agreement, that section providing the most comprehensive 
indemnification shall apply.

17. Miscellaneous.

(a) Governing Law. This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant 
hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be 
governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the 
State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflict of law.

(b) Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights. This Agreement sets forth the 
entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject 
matter herein and merges all prior discussions between them. No 
modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any 
rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by 
the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either party to enforce any 
rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any 
rights of such party.

(c) Construction. This Agreement is the result of negotiations between and 
has been reviewed by each of the parties hereto and their respective 
counsel, if any; accordingly, this Agreement shall be deemed to be the 
product of all of the parties hereto, and no ambiguity shall be construed 
in favor of or against any one of the parties hereto.

(d) Notices. All notices, demands or other communications to be given or 
delivered under or by reason of the provisions of this Agreement shall be 
in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (i) when delivered 
personally to the recipient, (ii) when sent to the recipient by telecopy 
(receipt electronically confirmed by senders telecopy machine) if during 
normal business hours of the recipient, otherwise on the next business day, 
(iii) one business day after the date when sent to the recipient by 
reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid), or (iv) five 
business days after the date when mailed to the recipient by certified or 
registered mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid. Such 
notices, demands and other communications shall be sent to the parties at 
the addresses indicated on the signature page hereto, or to such other 
address as any party hereto may, from time to time, designate in writing 
delivered pursuant to the terms of this Section 17(d).

(e) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which 
together shall constitute one instrument.

(f) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon the 
Corporation and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit 
of Indemnitee and Indemnitees heirs, legal representatives and assigns.

(g) Subrogation. In the event of payment under this Agreement, the 
Corporation shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the 
rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all documents required 
and shall do all acts that may be necessary to secure such rights and to 
enable the Corporation to effectively bring suit to enforce such rights.

1

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on and 
as of the day and year first above written.

GROUP 1 AUTOMOTIVE, INC.

By:
Name:
Title:

  	  	 
Address:
  	950 Echo Lane
Suite 100
Houston, Texas 77024
Facsimile:

INDEMNITEE:

[Name]

Address:

Facsimile: (     )      -     

2