 EX-10.34 2 ex10_34.txt EXHIBIT 10.34 Exhibit 10.34 SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT 
-------------------- THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made and 
dated as of the 9th day of August, 2007, between Aurora Gold Corp., a 
Delaware corporation having an address at 1 Edith Place, Coolum Beach, 
Queensland, 4573 Australia ("Aurora"), and Luis Mauricio F. de Azevedo, an 
individual residing at Av. das Americas, 700 Citta America Bloco 8, Loja 
215 A, Barra da Tijuca Rio de Janeiro, RJ, CEP 22640-100, Brazil 
("Azevedo") WHEREAS, Aurora and Azevedo are parties to a consulting 
agreement dated <>. WHEREAS, Aurora and Azevedo have elected to terminate 
the Consulting Agreement; WHEREAS, Azevedo has claimed that he is due and 
owed $50,000 for services rendered pursuant to the Consulting Agreement; 
WHEREAS, the parties are desirous of compromising and settling their 
disputes and to avoid further expense and terminate all controversy and 
disputes having arising between the parties from their business dealings 
and transactions in connection with the Consulting Agreement. NOW, 
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, promises and 
covenants herein, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: ARTICLE I. SETTLEMENT 
AND RELEASES 1. 1. TERMINATION OF THE CONSULTING AGREEMENT. Subject to the 
satisfaction of the payment and delivery requirements set forth in Section 
1.2 hereof, each of Aurora and Azevedo acknowledges that the Consulting 
Agreement is terminated and no further force and effort. 1.2 SETTLEMENT 
PAYMENT. Aurora hereby agrees to deliver to Azevedo on or before <>, 
250,000 shares (the "REGISTRABLE SECURITIES")of its common stock (the 
"SETTLEMENT PAYMENT") in full satisfaction of its obligations under the 
Consulting Agreement, including but not limited to the $50,000 claimed to 
be due and owed to Azevedo thereunder; 1.3 MUTUAL RELEASES. (a) Except with 
regard to the obligations of Aurora hereunder and as to any claims arising 
as a result of a breach of Aurora's obligations hereunder, Azevedo 
individually and on behalf of its successors and assigns, does hereby fully 
release, remise and forever discharge Aurora and its respective officers, 
directors, shareholders, employees, subsidiaries, attorneys, 
representatives and agents from any and all debts, obligations, 
liabilities, accountings, promises, covenants, agreements, contracts, 
controversies, suits, actions, causes of actions, judgments, damages, 
claims, demands, in law or in equity, which Azevedo ever had, now has, or 
hereafter can, shall or may have against them for, upon or 1 by reason of 
any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, from the beginning of the world to 
the date hereof. (b) Except with regard to the obligations of Azevedo 
hereunder, and as to any claims arising as a result of a breach of 
Azevedo's obligations hereunder, Aurora does hereby fully release, remise 
and forever discharge Azevedo and its officers, directors, shareholders, 
principals, employees, subsidiaries, attorneys, representatives and agents 
from any and all debts, obligations, liabilities, accountings, promises, 
covenants, agreements, contracts, controversies, suits, actions, causes of 
actions, judgments, damages, claims, demands, in law or in equity, which 
Aurora ever had, now have, or hereafter can, shall or may have against them 
for, upon or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, from the 
beginning of the world to the date hereof. (c) The releases set forth in 
this Agreement are intended by the parties to release all claims, whether 
known, unknown, foreseen, unforeseen, patent or latent, which one party may 
have against the other as of the date of this Agreement. Each party 
understands and acknowledges the significance and consequence of such 
specific intention to release all claims. (d) Anything herein to the 
contrary notwithstanding, should Aurora fail to make the Settlement 
Payment, the release of Aurora given by Azevedo shall be null and void and 
of no force and effect. ARTICLE II GENERAL TERMS 2.1 FULL INFORMATION. This 
Agreement is executed by each party after having after obtaining the 
advice, or being given the opportunity to obtain the advice, of counsel. 
2.2 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement constitutes and expresses the entire 
agreement between the parties hereto with respect to any of the matters and 
things herein provided for and all prior agreements, understandings, 
obligations or statements by and between the parties concerning the subject 
matter hereby will be merged with and into and be superseded by this 
Agreement and shall be of no further force and effect. No modification, 
amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement, or any consent to 
any departure by any party from the terms hereof, shall be effective unless 
the same be in writing and signed by all parties hereto. 2.3 INVALIDITY. If 
any part of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any person or 
circumstance, shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to 
be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement, or the 
application of such term or provision to persons or circumstances other 
than those as to which it is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, 
shall not be affected thereby, and each term and provision of this 
Agreement shall be valid and enforced to the fullest extent permitted by 
law. 2.4 AUTHORITY OF PERSON SIGNING. Each of the parties to this Agreement 
has full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this 
Agreement, and this Agreement is the 2 legal, valid and binding obligation 
of each of the parties hereto, and is enforceable in accordance with its 
terms and conditions. The person executing this Agreement on behalf of a 
party hereto represents to the other party that he/she is duly authorized 
to execute this Agreement. 2.5 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall 
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the permitted successors and 
assigns of each of the parties hereto. 2.6 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may 
be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered 
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts 
have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party. This 
Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other parties 
hereto by facsimile transmission of a copy of this Agreement bearing the 
signature of the party so delivering this Agreement. In the event any 
signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, the party using such 
means of delivery shall cause the manually executed execution page(s) 
hereof to be physically delivered to the other party within five days of 
the execution hereof, provided that the failure to so deliver any manually 
executed execution page shall not affect the validity or enforceability of 
this Agreement. 2.7 FURTHER COOPERATION. Each party shall do and perform, 
or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and 
shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, 
instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in 
order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement 
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 2.8 CAPTIONS, 
HEADINGS AND GENDER. Captions and section headings used herein are for 
convenience only and are not a part of this Agreement and shall not be used 
in construing it. The use of masculine third person singular pronoun in 
this Agreement shall be deemed to include the feminine and neuter third 
person singular pronoun. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed 
to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and 
no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 2.9 
PIGGY-BACK REGISTRATIONS. If at any time prior to the expiration of (i) the 
Aurora shall determine to file with the Commission a Registration Statement 
relating to an offering for its own account or the account of others under 
the Securities Act of 1933 Act of any of its equity securities (other than 
on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or their then equivalents relating to equity 
securities to be issued solely in connection with any acquisition of any 
entity or business or equity securities issuable in connection with stock 
option or other employee benefit plans), and (ii) there is not then a 
Registration Statement in effect with respect to the Registrable 
Securities, then the Aurora shall send to the Signatory written notice of 
such determination and, if within fifteen (15) days after the effective 
date of such notice, the Signatory shall so request in writing, the Aurora 
shall include in such registration statement all or any part of the 
Registrable Securities the Signatory requests to be registered, except that 
if, (i) inclusion of such shares would result in the offering not being 
Rule 415 Eligible, or (ii) in connection with any underwritten public 
offering for the account of the Aurora, the managing underwriter(s) thereof 
shall impose a limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock which may 
be included in 3 the Registration Statement because, in such 
underwriter(s)' judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such 
limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution, then the Aurora 
shall be obligated to include in such Registration Statement only such 
limited portion of the Registrable Securities with respect to which the 
Signatory has requested inclusion hereunder (i) as would enable the 
offering to be Rule 415 Eligible or (ii) as the underwriter shall permit; 
2.10 NOTICE. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries 
required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of 
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at 
the facsimile telephone number specified in this Section 2.9 prior to 4:30 
p.m. (Delaware time) on a business day, (ii) the business day after the 
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via 
facsimile at the facsimile telephone number specified in the this Agreement 
later than 4:30 p.m. (Delaware time) on any date and earlier than 11:59 
p.m. (Delaware time) on such date, (iii) the business day following the 
date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier 
service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is 
required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall 
be as follows or such other address as may be designated in writing 
hereafter, in the same manner, by such party. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
IF TO AURORA GOLD CORP.: IF TO AZEVEDO: 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Aurora Gold Corp. Luis Mauricio F. de Azevedo 1 Edith Place, Coolum Beach, 
Qld Av. das Americas, 700 Citta America 4573 Australia Bloco 8, Loja 215 A, 
Barra da Tijuca Att: Lars Pearl, CEO Rio de Janeiro, RJ, CEP 22640-100, 
Brazil 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
2.11 EFFECTIVENESS. This Settlement Agreement shall not be deemed effective 
until executed by both parties hereto. 2.12 GOVERNING LAW. The corporate 
laws of the State of Delaware shall govern all issues concerning the 
relative rights of the Aurora and its stockholders. All other questions 
concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of 
this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New 
York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law 
provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other 
jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any 
jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Each party hereby 
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal 
courts sitting the City of New York, for the adjudication of any dispute 
hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated 
hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not 
to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not 
personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, 
action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue 
of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby 
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process 
being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy 
thereof to such 4 party at the address for such notices to it under this 
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient 
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be 
deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner 
permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or 
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability 
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this 
Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any 
provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. EACH PARTY HEREBY 
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY 
TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION 
HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED 
HEREBY NOW, THEREFORE, intending to be bound, as of the date written above, 
the parties execute this Agreement under seal. AURORA GOLD CORP. By: 
_________________________ By: _____________________________ Name: Lars 
Pearl Luis Mauricio F. de Azevedo Title: President 5 CORPORATE 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT State or Province of ___________) County 
of____________________) On this ___ day of _______________, 2007, before 
me, the undersigned officer, personally appeared Lars Pearl known 
personally to me to be the president of Aurora Gold Corp. and acknowledged 
that he, as an officer being authorized so to do, executed the foregoing 
general release for the purposes therein contained, by signing the name of 
the corporation by himself as an officer. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have 
hereunto set my hand and official seal. 
______________________________________________ Notary Public/Commissioner 
of Oaths (SEAL) My Commission Expires INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGMENT State or 
Province of _________________________} County of 
__________________________________} SS. On this _____________ day of 
_____________, 2007, before me, the undersigned officer, personally 
appeared Luis Mauricio F. de Azevedo, to me personally known and known to 
me to be the same person(s) whose name(s) is (are) signed to the foregoing 
instrument, and acknowledged the execution thereof for the used and 
purposed therein set forth. IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand 
and official seal. _______________________________________________ Notary 
Public/Commissioner of Oaths (SEAL) My Commission Expires 6