 EX-10.1 2 y41599exv10w1.htm EX-10.1: EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH MARVIN 
OLSHAN


 

EXHIBIT 10.1


BKF CAPITAL GROUP, INC.
One Rockefeller Plaza
New York, New York 10020

November 12, 2007

Mr. Marvin Olshan
Park Avenue Tower
65 East 55th Street, 3rd Floor
New York, NY 10022

Dear Marvin:

     On behalf of BKF Capital Group, Inc. (Company), I am pleased to 
extend you a formal offer to serve as our Chairman of the Board on the 
following terms:

     1. You shall serve as the Companys Chairman of the Board and will be 
responsible for working with the board of directors of the Company in 
formulating and updating from time to time the Companys business plan and 
strategies, assisting the Company in capital raising activities, providing 
general guidance with respect to the Companys operations and participating 
in key meetings with sources of capital, strategic partners and 
distributors. You will not be required to devote your full business time to 
the Company, but you shall diligently address your obligations hereunder 
and shall not engage in any other business that is competitive with the 
Company. As Chairman of the Board, you shall be nominated to the board of 
directors of the Company. You shall work cooperatively with the Companys 
Chief Executive Officer and the Companys board.

     2. You shall be paid a base annual salary of $150,000 paid in equal 
installments in accordance with the Companys normal payroll.

     3. On November 12, 2007, the board of directors of the Company has 
granted you options to purchase an aggregate of 100,000 shares of its 
common stock. The options will be evidenced by a stock option agreement to 
be executed by you and the Company as soon as practicable after the date 
hereof. The options shall be immediately vested and exercisable and shall 
remain exercisable through the tenth anniversary of the date hereof. The 
exercise price per share of the options shall be equal to the market price 
of a share of the Companys common stock as of the close of trading on 
November 12, 2007. In addition, existing options held by you to purchase 
100,000 shares of Company common stock shall be immediately vested and 
exercisable for the same ten year period as those options granted on the 
date hereof.

     4. Upon the consummation of a material acquisition or other strategic 
transaction by the Company, you shall be eligible for a bonus and in an 
amount in accordance with parameters to be reasonably determined by the 
compensation committee of the Company.

     5. Your term of employment hereunder shall be two years commencing 
January 1, 2008; provided however, that such employment may be terminated 
earlier as follows:

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

CONFIDENTIAL

     (i) by the Company for Cause. Cause shall mean (i) your failure to 
diligently carry out any duty reasonably requested by the board of 
directors that is commensurate with your title as Chairman of the Board, 
(ii) your breach of this Agreement, (iii) your breach of the 
Confidentiality and Assignment of Creative Works Agreement (defined below), 
(iii) any indictment for any (a) felony or (b) misdemeanor involving a 
question of moral turpitude, (iv) your engagement with any activity that is 
competitive with the interests of the Company or (v) any act of gross 
negligence or willful misconduct that would reasonable be likely to cause 
harm to the Company; provided, however, that in the cases of clauses (i) 
and (ii), above, no cause shall be deemed to exist until the board of 
directors has given you written notice of such failure or breach and you 
have failed to cure same within 10 days of your receipt of such notice; and

     (ii) by either you or the Company after one year, with 90 days written 
notice.

     6. You represent and warrant to the Company that

     (i) you have the right to provide services to the Company and you are 
not subject to any contract, commitment, agreement, arrangement or 
restriction of any kind which would prevent you from performing you duties 
and obligations hereunder; and

     (ii) you have not retained and will not retain original records or 
copies thereof of any proprietary information of your former employer.

You agree to indemnify the Company against any loss, liability, claim, 
damage and expense (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys 
fees) to which the Company may be subject in any action brought by any 
present or former employer arising out of or relating to a breach or 
alleged breach by you of any of your representations or warranties set 
forth above by your present employer.

     7. You shall be entitled to participate in all of the employee benefit 
plans provided by the Company, if any.

     Please indicate by your signature below your agreement with the terms 
set forth above. In closing, I want to reiterate how excited we are to have 
you join us at such a significant time in the development of the Company 
and look forward to your important contributions to our success.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Sincerely, 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
BKF CAPITAL GROUP, INC. 	  	  	  	AGREED AND ACCEPTED
  	  	  	  	  	  	AS OF THE DATE WRITTEN ABOVE:
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
By:
  	/s/  Harvey Bazaar 	  	  	  	  	  	/s/  Marvin Olshan 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Harvey Bazaar 	  	  	  	  	  	Marvin Olshan 	  	 
 
  	Chief Executive Officer 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 

2