 EX-10 2 nonqualstkoptiondefsal.htm NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION DEFERRAL OF 
SALARY
GUARDIAN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL, INC.

NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT
AMENDED AND RESTATED 2003 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
(Employee Form)

THIS NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT ("Award Agreement") is 
dated as of this ____ day of _______________, _______, by and between 
Guardian Technologies International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
Company), and _________________________________________ (the 
Participant).

1.

Grant of Award.  The Company hereby grants to the Participant on the date 
indicated above (the Grant Date) a non-qualified stock option (the 
Option) to purchase up to _________________ shares (the Option Shares) 
of the Companys common stock, $.001 par value per share (the Common 
Stock), pursuant to the Companys Amended and Restated 2003 Stock 
Incentive Plan (the Plan). The specific terms and conditions of the 
Option granted pursuant to this Agreement are set forth in the Plan, a copy 
of which is attached to this Agreement, the receipt of all of which the 
Participant hereby acknowledges.  This Option is intended to be a 
non-qualified stock option that does not receive special tax treatment 
under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and 
regulations issued thereunder.

2.

Option Price Per Share.  The exercise price of the Option shall be 
$___________ per Option Share.  NOTICE: THE EXERCISE PRICE REFLECTS 100 
PERCENT OF THE FAIR MARKET VALUE OF THE STOCK AS OF THE GRANT DATE. THE 
PARTICIPANT IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR SATISFYING ALL TAX OBLIGATIONS 
CREATED BY THE GRANT OF THIS OPTION, THE EXERCISE OF THE OPTION, AND THE 
SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THE OPTION SHARES.

    3.

    Vesting; Term of the Option.  The Participant shall vest in and have
    the right to exercise the Option with respect to the Option Shares in
    accordance with the vesting schedule attached hereto as Exhibit A and
    incorporated herein by reference thereto.  

The Option (to the extent not earlier exercised) will expire in its 
entirety at 11:59 p.m. on the tenth annual anniversary of the Grant Date 
(the Option Termination Date), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the 
provisions of the Plan, including, but not limited to, Section 6.4 of the 
Plan.  

4.

Exercise of Option.  Upon the Grant of an Option and subject to vesting and 
other terms and conditions hereof, the Participant may exercise the Option 
on one or more occasions by delivering to the Treasurer of the Company (i) 
a written notice (as attached hereto as Exhibit B) that sets forth the 
number of Option Shares that the Participant desires to purchase, and (ii) 
an amount equal to the full payment of the exercise price for those shares 
in cash (including check, bank draft, money order or authorization to 
disburse funds from the Participants Payroll Account).  The exercise of 
the Option in whole or in part is conditioned upon the acceptance by the 
Participant of the terms of this Agreement.  [If Participant's employment 
or service with the Company is terminated for any reason or upon the death 
or Disability of Participant, the Option shall expire on the date of such 
termination of employment or service or sixty (60) days after the 
occurrence of such death or Disability;


1


provided that the Board in its sole discretion, by written notice given to 
Participant, may permit Participant to exercise the Option during a period 
ending on the earlier of 90 days after such termination of employment or 
services and the date the Option expires in accordance with its terms.]  
[Note: Modify if not an employee.]

5.

Restrictions Upon Resale.  The Option may not be exercised if the issuance 
of Option Shares upon such exercise would constitute a violation of 
applicable Federal or state securities laws or other law or valid 
regulation.  If the Option Shares to be issued upon exercise of the Option 
are not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), the Participant, as a condition to his exercise of the 
Option, shall represent to the Company that the Option Shares or other 
securities which he acquires upon exercise of the Option are being acquired 
by him for his own account as an investment and not with a present view to 
distribution or resale (unless counsel for the Company is then of the 
opinion that such representation is not required under the Securities Act 
or applicable law, regulation or rule of any governmental agency) and the 
certificates representing such Option Shares shall bear a legend to such 
effect. Participant agrees as a condition precedent to exercise of any 
portion of the Option, that he shall furnish whatever documentation may be 
reasonably requested by the Company to ensure compliance with applicable 
law and the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan.  The 
Participant understands and acknowledges that the Company shall have no 
obligation to register the Option Shares issuable hereunder under the 
Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.

6.

Lock-up.  The Participant agrees that, in connection with any underwritten 
public offering of equity securities pursuant to a registration statement 
filed under the Securities Act, not to sell, make any short sale of, loan, 
hypothecate, pledge, grant any option for the purchase of or otherwise 
dispose of any shares of Common Stock or other securities purchased 
hereunder without the prior written consent of the Company or its 
underwriters, for such period of time from the effective date of such 
registration statement as may be requested by the Company or its 
underwriters.

7.

No Rights as Shareholders Until Option Exercised.  Neither the Participant, 
nor his heirs, legal representative or guardians shall be, or shall have 
any of the rights and privileges of, a shareholder of the Company with 
respect to any Option Shares, in whole or in part, before the date that the 
Participant exercises the Option and the certificates for the shares are 
mailed to the Participant.

8.

Transferability of Option.  Pursuant to Section 6.7 of the Plan, the Option 
shall not be assignable or transferable by the Participant including by 
will or by the laws of descent and distribution.  During the life of the 
Participant, the Option shall be exercisable only by the Participant or by 
such Participants guardian or legal representative.
 
9.

Employment Not Affected.  Nothing in the Plan or this Award Agreement shall 
confer upon the Participant the right to continue as an employee or 
director, as applicable, of the Company or affect any right which the 
Company may have to terminate the Participant. Notwithstanding any 
provision to the contrary in this Agreement, upon the termination of the 
Participants position with the Company, Section 6.4 of the Plan shall 
govern the Participants rights in the Option Shares. [Comment: Delete or 
modify if not an employee or director and renumber paragraphs below.]



2


10.

Notice.  Any notice that must be given to the Company pursuant to this 
Award Agreement shall be addressed to the Company's Board of Directors, at 
the Company's principal place of business.  Any notice to the Participant 
shall be addressed to the Participant at the current address shown on the 
records of the Company.  Any notice shall be deemed to be duly given if and 
when properly addressed and posted by registered or certified mail, postage 
prepaid.

11.

Incorporation of Plan by Reference.  The Option is granted pursuant to the 
terms of the Plan, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference, 
and the Option shall in all respects be interpreted in accordance with the 
Plan.  The Committee shall interpret and construe the Plan and this 
document, and its interpretations and determinations shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Participant and the Company and any other person 
claiming an interest in the Option, with respect to any issue concerning 
the Option.  The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of the enclosed 
copy of the Plan and agrees to be bound by all the terms and conditions 
thereof as the same may from time to time be amended, and by all 
determinations of the Committee thereunder.

12.

Changes in Capital Structure.  In the event of changes in capital stock 
structure of the Company, appropriate adjustments in the number of shares 
for which the Option shall be exercisable, or the exercise price, or both, 
shall be made, and appropriate adjustments in the required values of 
Company Stock shall be made, as provided in Section 4.4 of the Plan.  The 
grant of this Option pursuant to the Plan shall not affect in any way the 
right or power of the Company to make adjustments, reclassifications, 
reorganizations or changes of its capital or business structure or to merge 
or to consolidate or to dissolve, liquidate or sell, or transfer all or any 
part of its business or assets.

13.

Governing Law.  To the extent that federal laws do not otherwise control, 
this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of Delaware.  


[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK.]


3


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed in duplicate on behalf 
of the Company by its duly authorized officer, and by the Participant in 
acceptance of the above-mentioned Option, subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Plan and of this Agreement.


                      GUARDIAN TECHNOLOGIES
                      INTERNATIONAL, INC.


Date:

___________

By:
      

Name: ______________________________
Title: _______________________________

PARTICIPANT:

Signed:

_________________
Print Name: _________________________
Residential Address: __________________
___________________________________




4


EXHIBIT A

VESTING SCHEDULE

The Option shall vest and become exercisable in accordance with the 
following schedule:

Number of Years
From Date of
Award Agreement
Percentage Exercisable
Per Time Period
Cumulative
  	  	 
Immediately
100%
100%
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 



5


EXHIBIT B

GUARDIAN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL, INC.

SUBSCRIPTION FORM
TO BE EXECUTED BY PARTICIPANT
TO EXERCISE THIS OPTION

The undersigned hereby exercises the right to purchase ________ Option 
Shares covered by this Option according to the conditions thereof and 
herewith makes payment of $__________, the aggregate Option Exercise Price 
of such Option Shares, in full.



Date: ______________________, _________
Signature



Name:


28812004.133


6


