 EX-10.1 3 d47996a3exv10w1.htm FORM OF TAX MATTERS AGREEMENT


 

Exhibit 10.1


FORM OF
TAX MATTERS AGREEMENT

by and among

TEMPLE-INLAND INC.,

FORESTAR REAL ESTATE GROUP INC. ,

and

GUARANTY FINANCIAL GROUP INC.

Dated as of

[Date]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


TAX MATTERS AGREEMENT

     THIS TAX MATTERS AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into as of [  
  ], 2007 by and among Temple-Inland Inc., a Delaware corporation (
Temple-Inland), Forestar Real Estate Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (
Forestar), and Guaranty Financial Group Inc., a Delaware Corporation (
Guaranty); each a Party and collectively, the Parties.


R E C I T A L S:

     WHEREAS, Temple-Inland, acting through its direct and indirect 
subsidiaries, currently conducts a number of businesses, including (i) the 
Retained Business, (ii) the Real Estate Business, and (iii) the Financial 
Services Business;

     WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, Temple-Inland and its direct and 
indirect domestic subsidiaries are members of an Affiliated Group, of which 
Temple-Inland is the common parent;

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Temple-Inland has determined that 
it is appropriate, desirable and in the best interests of Temple-Inland and 
its stockholders to separate Temple-Inland (the Separation) into three 
separate, independent and publicly traded companies: (i) one comprising the 
Real Estate Business, which shall be owned and conducted, directly or 
indirectly, by Forestar, (ii) one comprising the Financial Services 
Business, which shall be owned and conducted, directly or indirectly, by 
Guaranty, and (iii) one comprising the Retained Business, which shall 
continue to be owned and conducted, directly or indirectly, by 
Temple-Inland;

     WHEREAS, in order to effect the Separation, the Board of Directors of 
Temple-Inland has determined that it is appropriate, desirable and in the 
best interests of Temple-Inland and its stockholders for Temple-Inland and 
certain of its subsidiaries to enter into a series of transactions whereby, 
among other things, (i) Forestar Real Estate Group LLC will convert to a 
corporation under state law and TIN Inc. will contribute certain assets 
relating to the Real Estate Business to Forestar (Internal Contribution 1
) and distribute the stock of Forestar to Temple-Inland (Internal 
Distribution 1); (ii) Temple-Inland will distribute all of the issued and 
outstanding shares of common stock of Forestar, on a pro rata basis to the 
holders of the outstanding common stock of Temple-Inland (External 
Distribution 1); (iii) TIN Inc. will contribute certain assets relating to 
the Financial Services Business to Guaranty (Internal Contribution 2) and 
distribute the stock of Guaranty to Temple-Inland (Internal Distribution 2
); and (iv) Temple-Inland will contribute certain assets relating to the 
Financial Services Business to Guaranty (Internal Contribution 3) and 
distribute all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of 
Guaranty, on a pro rata basis to the holders of the outstanding common 
stock of Temple-Inland (External Distribution 2) (such transactions, the 
Spin-Offs);

     WHEREAS, Temple-Inland, Forestar and Guaranty have determined that it 
is necessary and desirable, as part of the Separation, to (i) allocate, 
transfer, retain or assign to the Forestar Group, the Real Estate Assets 
and Real Estate Liabilities, (ii) allocate, transfer, retain or assign to 
the Guaranty Group the Financial Services Assets and Financial Services 
Liabilities, and (iii)

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

allocate, transfer, retain or assign to the Temple-Inland Group, the 
Retained Business Assets and Retained Business Liabilities;

     WHEREAS, to effect the Separation, Temple-Inland, Forestar and 
Guaranty entered into that certain Separation and Distribution Agreement 
dated as of even date hereof (as amended or otherwise modified from time to 
time, the Separation Agreement);

     WHEREAS, it is the intention of the Parties that Internal Contribution 
1 and Internal Distribution 1 together qualify as a reorganization within 
the meaning of sections 368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the Code;

     WHEREAS, it is the intention of the Parties that External Distribution 
1 qualify as a distribution within the meaning of section 355 of the Code;

     WHEREAS, it is the intention of the Parties that Internal Contribution 
2 and Internal Distribution 2 together qualify as a reorganization within 
the meaning of sections 368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the Code;

     WHEREAS, it is the intention of the Parties that Internal Contribution 
3 and External Distribution 2 together qualify as a reorganization within 
the meaning of sections 368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the Code;

     WHEREAS, in connection with the Separation, Forestar (USA) Real Estate 
Group, Inc. shall, subject to the terms and provisions of the Separation 
and Distribution Agreement (as defined herein), enter into a credit 
facility for both revolving and term loan borrowings, all or a portion of 
the proceeds of which shall be used to repay intercompany debt owed to 
Temple-Inland;

     WHEREAS, in contemplation of the Separation, pursuant to which the 
Forestar Group and the Guaranty Group will cease to be members of the 
Affiliated Group of which Temple-Inland is the parent, if (but only if) 
External Distribution 1 and External Distribution 2 occur, the Parties have 
determined to enter into this Agreement, setting forth their agreement with 
respect to certain tax matters; and

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, the mutual 
promises and covenants hereinafter set forth, and other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

Section 1. Definitions.

     Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined in 
this Section 1 shall have the meanings set forth in the Separation 
Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall 
have the following meanings:

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Affiliated Group means an affiliated group of corporations within 
the meaning of section 1504(a)(1) of the Code that files a consolidated 
return for United States federal Income Tax purposes.

     After Tax Amount means any additional amount necessary to reflect 
the hypothetical Tax consequences of the receipt or accrual of any payment 
required to be made under this Agreement (including payment of an 
additional amount or amounts hereunder and the effect of the deductions 
available for interest paid or accrued and for Taxes such as state and 
local Income Taxes), determined by using the highest applicable statutory 
corporate Income Tax rate (or rates, in the case of an item that affects 
more than one Tax) for the relevant taxable period (or portion thereof).

     Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

     Allocated Credit Carryforwards shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 4.04.

     Audit means any audit, assessment of Taxes, other examination by any 
Taxing Authority, proceeding, or appeal of such a proceeding relating to 
Taxes, whether administrative or judicial, including proceedings relating 
to competent authority determinations.

     Business Day shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

     Carryback Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.02.

     Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

     Combined Return means any Tax Return, other than with respect to 
United States federal Income Taxes, filed on a consolidated, combined 
(including nexus combination, worldwide combination, domestic combination, 
line of business combination or any other form of combination) or unitary 
basis wherein Forestar (or one or more Forestar Affiliates) or Guaranty (or 
one or more Guaranty Affiliates) join in the filing of such Tax Return (for 
any taxable period or portion thereof) with Temple-Inland or one or more 
Temple-Inland Affiliates.

     Consolidated Return means any Tax Return with respect to United 
States federal Income Taxes filed on a consolidated basis wherein Forestar 
(or one or more Forestar Affiliates) or Guaranty (or one or more Guaranty 
Affiliates) join in the filing of such Tax Return (for any taxable period 
or portion thereof) with Temple-Inland or one or more Temple-Inland 
Affiliates.

     Deferred Intercompany Item shall mean any income, gain, deduction or 
loss from transactions between members of the same Affiliated Group that is 
deferred for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the principles in 
Treasury Regulations section 1.1502-13, or any similar provision under 
state, local or foreign law.

     Distribution Date shall mean the Forestar Distribution Date or the 
Guaranty Distribution Date, as applicable.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Distribution Taxes means any Taxes imposed on, or increase in Taxes 
incurred by, Temple-Inland or any Temple-Inland Affiliate, and any Taxes of 
a Temple-Inland shareholder (or former Temple-Inland shareholder) that are 
required to be paid or reimbursed by Temple-Inland or any Temple-Inland 
Affiliate pursuant to a Final Determination, provided that Temple-Inland 
shall have vigorously defended itself in any legal proceeding involving 
Taxes of a Temple-Inland shareholder, (without regard to whether such Taxes 
are offset or reduced by any Tax Asset, Tax Item, or otherwise) resulting 
from, or arising in connection with, the failure of Internal Contribution 
1, Internal Distribution 1, Internal Contribution 2, Internal Distribution 
2, Internal Contribution 3, External Distribution 1 or External 
Distribution 2 to qualify as a transaction in which no income, gain or loss 
is recognized pursuant to sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code 
(including any Tax resulting from the application of section 355(d) or 
section 355(e) of the Code to Internal Distribution 1, Internal 
Distribution 2, External Distribution 1 or External Distribution 2) or 
corresponding provisions of the laws of any other jurisdictions. Any Income 
Tax referred to in the immediately preceding sentence shall be determined 
using the highest applicable statutory corporate Income Tax rate (or rates, 
in the case of an item that affects more than one Tax) for the relevant 
taxable period (or portion thereof) taking into account deductions for 
interest paid or accrued and other related Taxes, such as state and local 
Taxes.

     Effective Time shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

     Estimated Tax Installment Date means, with respect to United States 
federal Income Taxes, the estimated Tax installment due dates prescribed in 
section 6655(c) of the Code and, in the case of any other Tax, means any 
other date on which an installment payment of an estimated amount of such 
Tax is required to be made.

     External Distribution 1 shall have the meaning set forth in the 
recitals hereto.

     External Distribution 2 shall have the meaning set forth in the 
recitals hereto.

     Filing Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.01.

     Final Determination means the final resolution of liability for any 
Tax for any taxable period, by or as a result of (i) a final and 
unappealable decision, judgment, decree or other order by any court of 
competent jurisdiction; (ii) a final settlement with the IRS, a closing 
agreement or accepted offer in compromise under section 7121 or section 
7122 of the Code, or a comparable agreement under the laws of other 
jurisdictions, which resolves the entire Tax liability for any taxable 
period; (iii) any allowance of a refund or credit in respect of an 
overpayment of Tax, but only after the expiration of all periods during 
which such refund may be recovered by the jurisdiction imposing the Tax; or 
(iv) any other final disposition, including by reason of the expiration of 
the applicable statute of limitations.

     Financial Services Business shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Separation Agreement.

     Force Majeure shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Forestar shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

     Forestar Affiliate means any Person included in the Forestar Group.

     Forestar Business Records shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 8.01(b).

     Forestar Common Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Separation Agreement.

     Forestar Distribution Date shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Separation Agreement.

     Forestar Group shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

     Forestar Tax Acts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
4.01(b).

     Guaranty shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

     Guaranty Affiliate means any Person included in the Guaranty Group.

     Guaranty Business Records shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 8.01(b).

     Guaranty Common Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Separation Agreement.

     Guaranty Distribution Date shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Separation Agreement.

     Guaranty Group shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

     Guaranty Tax Acts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
4.01(c).

     Income Tax means any federal, state, local or foreign Tax determined 
(in whole or in part) by reference to net income, net worth, gross receipts 
or capital, or any such Taxes imposed in lieu of such a Tax, including, 
without limitation, any franchise Tax.

     Income Tax Return means any Tax Return relating to any Income Tax.

     Internal Contribution 1 shall have the meaning set forth in the 
recitals hereto.

     Internal Contribution 2 shall have the meaning set forth in the 
recitals hereto.

     Internal Contribution 3 shall have the meaning set forth in the 
recitals hereto.

     Internal Distribution 1 shall have the meaning set forth in the 
recitals hereto.

     Internal Distribution 2 shall have the meaning set forth in the 
recitals hereto.

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service or any 
successor thereto, including its agents, representatives, and attorneys.

     IRS Ruling means the private letter ruling issued by the IRS in 
connection with the Separation, which is a condition to the Spin-Offs under 
the Separation Agreement.

     IRS Ruling Documents means the request for the IRS Ruling filed with 
the IRS, together with all supplemental filings or other materials 
subsequently submitted on behalf of Temple-Inland, the Temple-Inland 
Affiliates and Temple-Inlands shareholders to the IRS, the appendices and 
exhibits thereto, and the IRS Ruling itself.

     Joint Responsibility Item means any Tax Item, including Distribution 
Taxes, for which the non-Filing Partys responsibility under this Agreement 
could exceed one million dollars ($1,000,000), but not a Sole 
Responsibility Item.

     Officers Certificate means a letter executed by an officer of 
Temple-Inland, Forestar or Guaranty and provided to Spin-Off Tax Counsel or 
Tax Counsel as a condition for the completion of the Spin-Off Tax Opinion, 
a Supplemental Tax Spin-Off Opinion or Supplemental Tax Opinion.

     Owed Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.05.

     Owing Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.05.

     Parties shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

     Payment Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.05(e).

     Person shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation Agreement.

     Post-Distribution Period means any taxable period beginning after 
the relevant Distribution Date.

     Pre-Distribution Period means any taxable period ending on or before 
the relevant Distribution Date.

     Prime Rate shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

     Real Estate Assets shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Separation Agreement.

     Real Estate Business shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Separation Agreement.

     Real Estate Liabilities shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Separation Agreement.

     Retained Business Assets shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Separation Agreement.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Retained Business shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

     Retained Business Liabilities shall have the meaning set forth in 
the Separation Agreement.

     Separation shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

     Separation Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the 
recitals hereto.

     Sole Responsibility Item means any Tax Item for which the non-Filing 
Party has the entire economic liability under this Agreement.

     Spin-Offs shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

     Spin-Off Tax Counsel means Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP.

     Spin-Off Tax Opinion means the opinion to be issued by Spin-Off Tax 
Counsel, as one of the conditions to completing the Spin-Offs, addressing 
certain United States federal Income Tax consequences of the Spin-Offs 
under section 355 of the Code.

     Supplemental Ruling means any ruling (other than the IRS Ruling) 
issued by any Taxing Authority in connection with the Spin-Offs.

     Supplemental Ruling Documents means any request for a Supplemental 
Ruling, together with any supplemental filings or other materials 
subsequently submitted, the appendices and exhibits thereto, and any 
Supplemental Rulings issued.

     Supplemental Spin-Off Tax Opinion means any opinion (other than the 
Spin-Off Tax Opinion) issued by any tax counsel in connection with the 
Spin-Offs.

     Supplemental Tax Opinion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
4.03(c).

     Tax Asset means any Tax Item that has been recognized for Tax 
purposes, but has not been realized during the taxable period, and that 
could reduce a Tax in another taxable period, including a net operating 
loss, net capital loss, investment tax credit, foreign tax credit, 
charitable deduction or credit related to alternative minimum tax or any 
other Tax credit.

     Tax Benefit means a reduction in the Tax liability (or increase in 
refund or credit or any item of deduction or expense) of a taxpayer (or of 
the Affiliated Group, or similar group of entities as defined under 
corresponding provisions of the laws of any other jurisdiction, of which it 
is a member) for any taxable period. Except as otherwise provided in this 
Agreement, a Tax Benefit shall be deemed to have been realized or received 
from a Tax Item in a taxable period only if and to the extent that the Tax 
liability of the taxpayer (or of the Affiliated Group, or similar group of 
entities as defined under corresponding provisions of the laws of any other 
jurisdiction, of which it is a member) for such period, after taking into 
account the effect of the

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Tax Item on the Tax liability of such taxpayer (or of the Affiliated Group, 
or similar group of entities as defined under corresponding provisions of 
the laws of any other jurisdiction, of which it is a member) in the current 
period and all prior periods, is less than it would have been had such Tax 
liability been determined without regard to such Tax Item.

     Tax Counsel means a nationally recognized law firm mutually agreed 
upon by Temple-Inland and Forestar or Temple-Inland and Guaranty, as 
applicable, to provide a Supplemental Tax Opinion.

     Tax Detriment means an increase in the Tax liability (or reduction 
in refund or credit or any item of deduction or expense) of a taxpayer (or 
of the Affiliated Group, or similar group of entities as defined under 
corresponding provisions of the laws of any other jurisdiction, of which it 
is a member) for any taxable period. Except as otherwise provided in this 
Agreement, a Tax Detriment shall be deemed to have been realized or 
incurred from a Tax Item in a taxable period only if and to the extent that 
the Tax liability of the taxpayer (or of the Affiliated Group, or similar 
group of entities as defined under corresponding provisions of the laws of 
any other jurisdiction, of which it is a member) for such period, after 
taking into account the effect of the Tax Item on the Tax liability of such 
taxpayer (or of the Affiliated Group, or similar group of entities as 
defined under corresponding provisions of the laws of any other 
jurisdiction, of which it is a member) in the current period and all prior 
periods, is more than it would have been had such Tax liability been 
determined without regard to such Tax Item.

     Tax Item means any item of income, gain, loss, deduction, expense or 
credit, or other attribute that may have the effect of increasing or 
decreasing any Tax.

     Tax Return means any return, report, certificate, form or similar 
statement or document (including any related or supporting information or 
schedule attached thereto and any information return, amended tax return, 
claim for refund or declaration of estimated Tax) required to be supplied 
to, or filed with, a Taxing Authority in connection with the determination, 
assessment or collection of any Tax or the administration of any laws, 
regulations or administrative requirements relating to any Tax.

     Tax Material shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a).

     Taxes means all federal, state, local or foreign taxes, charges, 
fees, duties, levies, imposts, rates or other assessments, including 
income, gross receipts, excise, property, sales, use, license, capital 
stock, transfer, franchise, value added or other taxes, (including any 
interest, penalties or additions attributable thereto) and a Tax shall 
mean any one of such Taxes.

     Taxing Authority means any governmental authority or any 
subdivision, agency, commission or authority thereof or any 
quasi-governmental or private body having jurisdiction over the assessment, 
determination, collection or imposition of any Tax (including the IRS).

     Temple-Inland shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble 
hereto.

     Temple-Inland Affiliate means any Person included in the 
Temple-Inland Group.

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Temple-Inland Business Records shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 8.01(b).

     Temple-Inland Group shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Separation Agreement.

     Temple-Inland Tax Acts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
4.01(a).

     Temple-Inland Inc. Tax Allocation Policy means the Temple-Inland 
Inc. Tax Allocation Policy by and between Temple-Inland Inc. and members of 
the Temple-Inland Group effective January 1, 2003.

     Unallocated Liabilities shall have the meaning set forth in the 
Separation Agreement.

Section 2. Preparation and Filing of Tax Returns.

     2.01. Temple-Inlands Responsibility. Subject to the other applicable 
provisions of this Agreement and consistent with past practices, 
Temple-Inland shall have sole and exclusive responsibility for the 
preparation and filing of:

          (a) all Consolidated Returns and all Combined Returns for any 
taxable period;

          (b) all Tax Returns (other than Consolidated Returns and Combined 
Returns) with respect to any Temple-Inland Affiliate for any taxable 
period;

          (c) all Tax Returns with respect to Forestar, any Forestar 
Affiliate, or the Real Estate Business or any part thereof, that are 
required to be filed (taking into account any extension of time which has 
been requested or received) on or prior to the Forestar Distribution Date 
and which have been, under past practices, prepared and filed by 
Temple-Inland.

          (d) all Tax Returns with respect to Guaranty, any Guaranty 
Affiliate, or the Financial Services Business or any part thereof, that are 
required to be filed (taking into account any extension of time which has 
been requested or received) on or prior to the Guaranty Distribution Date 
and which have been, under past practices, prepared and filed by 
Temple-Inland.

     2.02. Forestars Responsibility. Forestar shall have sole and 
exclusive responsibility for the preparation and filing of all Tax Returns 
(other than Consolidated Returns and Combined Returns) with respect to 
Forestar and/or any Forestar Affiliate due after the Forestar Distribution 
Date.

     2.03. Guarantys Responsibility. Guaranty shall have sole and 
exclusive responsibility for the preparation and filing of all Tax Returns 
(other than Consolidated Returns and Combined Returns) with respect to 
Guaranty and/or any Guaranty Affiliate due after the Guaranty Distribution 
Date.

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     2.04. Agent. Subject to the other applicable provisions of this 
Agreement, (i) Forestar hereby irrevocably designates, and agrees to cause 
each Forestar Affiliate to so designate, Temple-Inland as its sole and 
exclusive agent and attorney-in-fact to take such action (including 
execution of documents) as Temple-Inland, acting in good faith, may deem 
appropriate in any and all matters (including Audits) relating to any Tax 
Return described in Section 2.01 and (ii) Guaranty hereby irrevocably 
designates, and agrees to cause each Guaranty Affiliate to so designate, 
Temple-Inland as its sole and exclusive agent and attorney-in-fact to take 
such action (including execution of documents) as Temple-Inland, acting in 
good faith, may deem appropriate in any and all matters (including Audits) 
relating to any Tax Return described in Section 2.01.

     2.05. Manner of Tax Return Preparation.

          (a) Unless otherwise required by a Taxing Authority, the Parties 
hereby agree to prepare and file all Tax Returns, and to take all other 
actions, in a manner consistent with (1) this Agreement, (2) the 
Temple-Inland Inc. Tax Allocation Policy, (3) the Spin-Off Tax Opinion, (4) 
any Supplemental Spin-Off Tax Opinion, (5) any Supplemental Tax Opinion, 
(6) the IRS Ruling Documents, and (7) any Supplemental Ruling Documents. 
All Tax Returns shall be filed on a timely basis (taking into account 
applicable extensions) by the Party responsible for filing such returns 
under this Agreement.

          (b) With respect to any Consolidated Return or Combined Return: 
(1) Forestar and Guaranty shall each provide Temple-Inland with a pro forma 
draft of the portion of such Tax Return that reflects Forestar and/or any 
Forestar Affiliate, and Guaranty and/or any Guaranty Affiliate, as 
applicable, at least sixty (60) days prior to the due date (with applicable 
extensions) for the filing of such Tax Return; (2) Within twenty (20) days 
after receiving the pro forma draft Tax Returns, Temple-Inland shall review 
the drafts and provide comments and questions to Forestar and Guaranty (in 
writing if requested by Forestar and/or Guaranty); (3) Forestar and 
Guaranty shall cooperate with Temple-Inland by responding (in writing if 
requested) and resolving the comments and questions from Temple-Inland 
within ten (10) days of receiving comments and questions from 
Temple-Inland.

Nothing in this Section 2.05(b) shall alter the sole and exclusive 
responsibility for the preparation and filing of Tax Returns under Sections 
2.01, 2.02 and 2.03. If Forestar or Guaranty, as applicable, has not 
responded to the Temple-Inland comments and questions in a timely manner 
pursuant to Section 2.05(b) above, or in the case of a dispute regarding 
the reporting of any Tax Item, such dispute has not been resolved by the 
due date (with applicable extensions) for the filing of any Tax Return, 
Temple-Inland shall file such Tax Return reporting all Tax Items in the 
manner as it deems appropriate, provided, however, that Temple-Inland 
agrees that it will thereafter file an amended Tax Return, if necessary, 
reporting any disputed Tax Item in the manner determined under Section 
8.02, and any other Tax Item as agreed upon by Temple-Inland and Forestar 
or Temple-Inland and Guaranty.

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Section 3. Liability for Taxes.

     3.01. Liability for Pre-Distribution Period Taxes. Liability for all 
Taxes related to Pre-Distribution Periods or portions thereof, other than 
Taxes described in Section 4, shall be allocated in a manner consistent 
with the Temple-Inland Inc. Tax Allocation Policy and past practices.

     3.02 Liability for Post-Distribution Period Taxes. With respect to 
Post-Distribution Periods or portions thereof, Temple-Inland and any 
Temple-Inland affiliate, Forestar and any Forestar affiliate, and Guaranty 
and any Guaranty affiliate, shall be liable for their respective Taxes.

     3.03. Joint Liability for Certain Unallocated Taxes. Any Taxes not 
otherwise allocated by Section 3.01, Section 3.02 or Section 4 shall be 
allocated in the manner consistent with the allocation of Unallocated 
Liabilities described in Article VI of the Separation Agreement.

     3.04. Payment of Tax Liability. If one Party is liable or responsible 
for Taxes, under Sections 3.01 through 3.03, with respect to Tax Returns 
for which another party is responsible for preparing and/or filing, or with 
respect to Taxes that are paid by another Party, then the liable or 
responsible Party shall pay the Taxes (or a reimbursement of such Taxes) to 
the other Party pursuant to Section 6.05.

     3.05. Computation. Consistent with the past application of the 
Temple-Inland Inc. Tax Allocation Policy, Temple-Inland shall provide 
Forestar and Guaranty, as applicable, with a written calculation in 
reasonable detail (including copies of all work sheets and other materials 
used in preparation thereof) setting forth the amount of any Tax liability 
of Forestar or Guaranty, as applicable, for which Forestar or Guaranty is 
liable under Section 3.01. Forestar and Guaranty, as applicable, shall have 
the right to review and comment on such calculation. Any dispute with 
respect to such calculation shall be resolved pursuant to Section 8.02; 
provided, however, that, notwithstanding any dispute with respect to any 
such calculation, in no event shall any payment attributable to the amount 
of any Tax liability of Forestar or Guaranty be paid later than the date 
provided in Section 6.

Section 4. Distribution Taxes and Deconsolidation.

     4.01. Distribution Taxes.

          (a) Temple-Inlands Liability for Distribution Taxes. 
Notwithstanding Sections 3.01 through 3.05, Temple-Inland shall be liable 
for any Distribution Taxes, to the extent that such Distribution Taxes are 
attributable to, caused by, or result from, one or more of the following 
(collectively, Temple-Inland Tax Acts):

               (i) any action or omission by Temple-Inland or any 
Temple-Inland Affiliate, at any time, that is inconsistent with any 
information, covenant or representation in an Officers Certificate, 
Spin-Off Tax Opinion, Supplemental Spin-Off Tax Opinion, Supplemental Tax 
Opinion, IRS Ruling Documents or Supplemental Ruling Documents (disclosure 
by Temple-Inland (or any Temple-Inland Affiliate) to Forestar (or any 
Forestar Affiliate) or

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Guaranty (or any Guaranty Affiliate) of any action or fact that is 
inconsistent with any information, covenant or representation submitted to 
Spin-Off Tax Counsel, Tax Counsel, the IRS, or other Taxing Authority, as 
applicable, in connection with an Officers Certificate, Spin-Off Tax 
Opinion, Supplemental Spin-Off Tax Opinion, Supplemental Tax Opinion, IRS 
Ruling Documents or Supplemental Ruling Documents, shall not relieve 
Temple-Inland (or any Temple-Inland Affiliate) of liability under this 
Agreement);

               (ii) any action or omission by Temple-Inland or any 
Temple-Inland Affiliate, after the Spin-Offs (including any act or omission 
that is in furtherance of, connected to, or part of a plan or series of 
related transactions (within the meaning of section 355(e) of the Code) 
occurring on or prior to the Spin-Offs), including a cessation, transfer to 
affiliates, or disposition of the active trades or businesses, stock 
buyback or payment of an extraordinary dividend;

               (iii) any acquisition of any stock or assets of 
Temple-Inland or any Temple-Inland Affiliate, by one or more other Persons 
prior to or following the Spin-Offs;

               (iv) any issuance of stock by Temple-Inland or any 
Temple-Inland Affiliate, after the Spin-Offs, including any issuance 
pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options or other employment 
related arrangements, or the exercise of warrants; or

               (v) any change in ownership of stock in Temple-Inland or any 
Temple-Inland Affiliate after the Spin-Offs.

          (b) Forestars Liability for Distribution Taxes. Notwithstanding 
Sections 3.01 through 3.05, Forestar, and each Forestar Affiliate shall be 
jointly and severally liable for any Distribution Taxes, to the extent that 
such Distribution Taxes are attributable to, caused by, or result from, one 
or more of the following (collectively, Forestar Tax Acts):

               (i) any action or omission by Forestar or any Forestar 
Affiliate, at any time, that is inconsistent with any information, covenant 
or representation in an Officers Certificate, Spin-Off Tax Opinion, 
Supplemental Spin-Off Tax Opinion, Supplemental Tax Opinion, IRS Ruling 
Documents or Supplemental Ruling Documents, (disclosure by Forestar (or any 
Forestar Affiliate) to Temple-Inland (or any Temple-Inland Affiliate) of 
any action or fact that is inconsistent with any information, covenant or 
representation submitted to Spin-Off Tax Counsel, Tax Counsel, the IRS, or 
other Taxing Authority, as applicable, in connection with an Officers 
Certificate, Spin-Off Tax Opinion, Supplemental Spin-Off Tax Opinion, 
Supplemental Tax Opinion, IRS Ruling Documents, Supplemental Ruling 
Documents, shall not relieve Forestar (or any Forestar Affiliate) of 
liability under this Agreement);

               (ii) any action or omission by Forestar or any Forestar 
Affiliate, after the Spin-Off (including any act or omission that is in 
furtherance of, connected to, or part of a plan or series of related 
transactions (within the meaning of section 355(e) of the Code) occurring 
on or prior to the Distribution), including a cessation, transfer to 
affiliates, or disposition of the active trades or businesses, stock 
buyback or payment of an extraordinary dividend;

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               (iii) any acquisition of any stock or assets of Forestar or 
any Forestar Affiliate, by one or more other Persons (other than 
Temple-Inland or any Temple-Inland Affiliate) prior to or following the 
Spin-Off;

               (iv) any issuance of stock by Forestar or any Forestar 
Affiliate, after the Spin-Off, including any issuance pursuant to the 
exercise of employee stock options or other employment related 
arrangements, or the exercise of warrants; or

               (v) any change in ownership of stock in Forestar or any 
Forestar Affiliate after the Spin-Off.

          (c) Guarantys Liability for Distribution Taxes. Notwithstanding 
Sections 3.01 through 3.05, Guaranty, and each Guaranty Affiliate shall be 
jointly and severally liable for any Distribution Taxes, to the extent that 
such Distribution Taxes are attributable to, caused by, or result from, one 
or more of the following (collectively, Guaranty Tax Acts):

               (i) any action or omission by Guaranty or any Guaranty 
Affiliate, at any time, that is inconsistent with any information, covenant 
or representation in an Officers Certificate, Spin-Off Tax Opinion, 
Supplemental Spin-Off Tax Opinion, Supplemental Tax Opinion, IRS Ruling 
Documents or Supplemental Ruling Documents, (disclosure by Guaranty (or any 
Guaranty Affiliate) to Temple-Inland (or any Temple-Inland Affiliate) of 
any action or fact that is inconsistent with any information, covenant or 
representation submitted to Spin-Off Tax Counsel, Tax Counsel, the IRS, or 
other Taxing Authority, as applicable, in connection with an Officers 
Certificate, Spin-Off Tax Opinion, Supplemental Spin-Off Tax Opinion, 
Supplemental Tax Opinion, IRS Ruling Documents, Supplemental Ruling 
Documents, shall not relieve Guaranty (or any Guaranty Affiliate) of 
liability under this Agreement);

               (ii) any action or omission by Guaranty or any Guaranty 
Affiliate, after the Spin-Off (including any act or omission that is in 
furtherance of, connected to, or part of a plan or series of related 
transactions (within the meaning of section 355(e) of the Code) occurring 
on or prior to the Distribution), including a cessation, transfer to 
affiliates, or disposition of the active trades or businesses, stock 
buyback or payment of an extraordinary dividend;

               (iii) any acquisition of any stock or assets of Guaranty or 
any Guaranty Affiliate, by one or more other Persons (other than 
Temple-Inland or any Temple-Inland Affiliate) prior to or following the 
Spin-Off;

               (iv) any issuance of stock by Guaranty or any Guaranty 
Affiliate, after the Spin-Off, including any issuance pursuant to the 
exercise of employee stock options or other employment related 
arrangements, or the exercise of warrants; or

               (v) any change in ownership of stock in Guaranty or any 
Guaranty Affiliate after the Spin-Off.

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (d) Joint Liability for Remaining Distribution Taxes. In the 
event that Distribution Taxes are not otherwise allocated by Sections 
4.01(a), (b) or (c), then the liability for such Distribution Taxes shall 
be allocated in the manner consistent with the allocation of Unallocated 
Liabilities described in Article VI of the Separation Agreement. In the 
event that one or more Temple-Inland Tax Acts occur simultaneously with one 
or more Forestar Tax Acts or Guaranty Tax Acts and these result in 
Distribution Taxes, then the allocation of the liability for such 
Distribution Taxes shall be allocated in the manner consistent with the 
allocation of Unallocated Liabilities described in Article VI of the 
Separation Agreement, and, Sections 4.01(a), (b) or (c) shall not control 
the allocation of such Distribution Taxes.

          (e) Representation. Each of Temple-Inland, Forestar and Guaranty 
represents that, as of the date of this Agreement, neither it nor its 
Affiliates know of any fact that it reasonably believes or should believe 
may cause Internal Contribution 1, Internal Distribution 1, External 
Distribution 1, Internal Contribution 2, Internal Distribution 2, Internal 
Contribution 3, or External Distribution 2 to fail to qualify for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes as transactions in which no income, gain, or 
loss is recognized pursuant to section 355 of the Code.

     4.02. Carrybacks.

          (a) In General. Temple-Inland agrees to pay to Forestar or 
Guaranty, as applicable, the Tax Benefits from the use, in accordance with 
applicable law, in any Pre-Distribution Period (the Carryback Period) of 
a carryback of any Tax Asset of the Forestar Group or Guaranty Group from a 
Post-Distribution Period (other than a carryback of any Tax Asset 
attributable to Distribution Taxes for which the liability is borne by 
Temple-Inland or any Temple-Inland Affiliate). In the absence of 
controlling legal authority, if the Temple-Inland Group and either the 
Forestar Group or Guaranty Group or both, as applicable, can carryback Tax 
Assets from the same Post-Distribution Period to a Carryback Period, the 
Tax Assets of the Temple-Inland Group shall be carried back and absorbed by 
the Temple-Inland Group first. If subsequent to the payment by 
Temple-Inland to Forestar or Guaranty of the Tax Benefit of a carryback of 
a Tax Asset of the Forestar Group or the Guaranty Group, there shall be a 
Final Determination which results in a (1) change to the amount of the Tax 
Asset so carried back or (2) change to the amount of such Tax Benefit, 
Forestar or Guaranty, as applicable, shall repay to Temple-Inland, or 
Temple-Inland shall repay to Forestar or Guaranty, as the case may be, any 
amount which would not have been payable to such other Party pursuant to 
this Section 4.02(a) had the amount of the Tax Benefit been determined in 
light of these events. Nothing in this Section 4.02(a) shall require 
Temple-Inland to file an amended Tax Return or claim for refund of United 
States federal Income Taxes; provided, however, that Temple-Inland shall 
use its reasonable efforts to carryback a Tax Asset of the Forestar Group 
or the Guaranty Group.

          (b) Net Operating Losses. Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Agreement, Forestar and Guaranty each hereby expressly agree to elect 
(under section 172(b)(3) of the Code and, to the extent feasible, any 
similar provision of any state, local or foreign Tax law) to relinquish any 
right to carryback net operating losses to any Pre-Distribution Periods of 
Temple-Inland (in which event no payment shall be due from Temple-Inland to 
Forestar in respect of such net operating losses).

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (c) Computation. Consistent with the past application of the 
Temple-Inland Inc. Tax Allocation Policy, Temple-Inland shall provide 
Forestar and Guaranty, as applicable, with a written calculation in 
reasonable detail (including copies of all work sheets and other materials 
used in preparation thereof) setting forth the amount of any Tax Benefit 
relating to such carryback of any Tax Asset of the Forestar Group or 
Guaranty Group from a Post-Distribution Period (other than a carryback of 
any Tax Asset attributable to Distribution Taxes for which the liability is 
borne by Temple-Inland or any Temple-Inland Affiliate). Forestar and 
Guaranty, as applicable, shall have the right to review and comment on such 
calculation. Any dispute with respect to such calculation shall be resolved 
pursuant to Section 8.02.

     4.03. Continuing Covenants.

          (a) In General. Each of Temple-Inland, Forestar and Guaranty 
agrees (1) not to take any action (or cause its Affiliates to take any 
action) reasonably expected to result in an increased Tax liability to the 
other, a reduction in a Tax Asset of the other or an increased liability to 
the other under this Agreement, and (2) to take any action (and cause its 
Affiliates to take any action) reasonably requested by the other that would 
reasonably be expected to result in a Tax Benefit or avoid a Tax Detriment 
to the other, provided, in either such case, that the taking or refraining 
to take such action does not result in any additional cost not fully 
compensated for by the other Party or any other adverse effect to such 
Party. The Parties hereby acknowledge that the preceding sentence is not 
intended to limit, and therefore shall not apply to, the rights of the 
Parties with respect to matters otherwise covered by this Agreement.

          (b) Restrictions. Temple-Inland, Forestar, and Guaranty, 
respectively, agree that they will not knowingly take or fail to take, or 
permit any Temple-Inland Affiliate, any Forestar Affiliate, or any Guaranty 
Affiliate, as applicable, to knowingly take or fail to take, any action 
where such action or failure to act would be inconsistent with any 
information, covenant or representation that relates to facts or matters 
related to Temple-Inland (or any Temple-Inland Affiliate), Forestar (or any 
Forestar Affiliate), or Guaranty (or any Guaranty Affiliate), or within the 
control of Temple-Inland, Forestar, or Guaranty and is contained in an 
Officers Certificate, Spin-Off Tax Opinion, Supplemental Tax Opinion, 
Supplemental Spin-Off Tax Opinion, IRS Ruling Documents or Supplemental 
Ruling Documents, (except where such information, covenant or 
representation was not previously disclosed to Temple-Inland, Forestar, or 
Guaranty) other than as permitted by this Section 4.03. For this purpose an 
action is considered inconsistent with a representation if the 
representation states that there is no plan or intention to take such 
action. Temple-Inland, Forestar, and Guaranty, respectively, agree that 
they will not take (and it will cause the Temple-Inland Affiliates, 
Forestar Affiliates, and Guaranty Affiliates to refrain from taking) any 
position on a Tax Return that is inconsistent with the treatment of 
Internal Contribution 1, Internal Distribution 1, External Distribution 1, 
Internal Contribution 2, Internal Distribution 2, Internal Contribution 3, 
and External Distribution 2 as transactions in which no income, gain, or 
loss is recognized pursuant to section 355 of the Code.

          (c) Certain Forestar Actions Following the Spin-Off. Forestar 
agrees that, during the two (2) year period following the Spin-Off, 
Forestar shall not (i) sell or otherwise transfer in a single transaction 
or series of transactions 50% or more of the gross or net assets of the 
active trade or business (for purposes of section 355(b) of the Code) or 
50% or more of its consolidated

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

gross or net assets (such percentages to be measured based on fair market 
values as of the date of the applicable Spin-Off); (ii) merge or 
consolidate Forestar or any Forestar Affiliate with any other entity, 
without regard to which party is the surviving entity except for intragroup 
mergers involving Forestar affiliates that are wholly-owned within the 
group; (iii) transfer any assets in a transaction described in section 351 
(other than a transfer to a corporation which files a United States federal 
consolidated Income Tax Return with Forestar and which is wholly-owned, 
directly or indirectly, by Forestar), section 721 (other than transfers in 
the ordinary course of business) or subparagraph (C) or (D) of section 
368(a)(1) of the Code (other than a 368(a)(1)(C) or (D) reorganization 
between Forestar affiliates that are wholly-owned within the group); (iv) 
issue stock of Forestar or any Forestar Affiliate (or any instrument that 
is convertible or exchangeable into any such stock) in an acquisition or 
public or private offering (excluding any issuance pursuant to the exercise 
of employee stock options or other employment related arrangements having 
customary terms and conditions and that satisfy the requirements of 
Treasury Regulations section 1.355-7(d)(8), or any successor provision 
thereto), or (v) facilitate or otherwise participate in any acquisition 
(whether solicited or unsolicited) of stock in Forestar that would result 
in any shareholder owning five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding 
stock of Forestar; provided however, Forestar shall be permitted to take 
such action or one or more actions set forth in the foregoing clauses (i) 
through (v) if, prior to taking such action, Forestar obtains, at its own 
expense, (A) a supplemental opinion, in form and substance reasonably 
acceptable to Temple-Inland, from Tax Counsel that such action will not 
result in Distribution Taxes (a Supplemental Tax Opinion), (B) a 
Supplemental Ruling that such action will not result in Distribution Taxes, 
or (C) a written statement from Temple-Inland waiving the requirement to 
obtain a Supplemental Tax Opinion or Supplemental Ruling. Temple-Inland and 
Forestar hereby agree that they will act in good faith to take all 
reasonable steps necessary to amend this Section 4.03(c), from time to 
time, by mutual agreement, to (i) add certain actions to the list contained 
herein, or (ii) remove certain actions from the list contained herein, in 
either case, in order to reflect any relevant change in law, regulation or 
administrative interpretation occurring after the date of this Agreement.

          (d) Certain Guaranty Actions Following the Spin-Off. Guaranty 
agrees that, during the two (2) year period following the Spin-Off, 
Guaranty shall not (i) sell or otherwise transfer in a single transaction 
or series of transactions 50% or more of the gross or net assets of the 
active trade or business (for purposes of section 355(b) of the Code) or 
50% or more of its consolidated gross or net assets (such percentages to be 
measured based on fair market values as of the date of the applicable 
Spin-Off); (ii) merge or consolidate Guaranty or any Guaranty Affiliate 
with any other entity, without regard to which party is the surviving 
entity except for intragroup mergers involving Guaranty affiliates that are 
wholly-owned within the group; (iii) transfer any assets in a transaction 
described in section 351 (other than a transfer to a corporation which 
files a United States federal consolidated Income Tax Return with Guaranty 
and which is wholly-owned, directly or indirectly, by Guaranty), section 
721 (other than transfers in the ordinary course of business) or 
subparagraph (C) or (D) of section 368(a)(1) of the Code (other than a 
368(a)(1)(C) or (D) reorganization between Guaranty affiliates that are 
wholly-owned within the group); (iv) issue stock of Guaranty or any 
Guaranty Affiliate (or any instrument that is convertible or exchangeable 
into any such stock) in an acquisition or public or private offering 
(excluding any issuance pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options 
or other employment related arrangements having customary terms and 
conditions and that satisfy the requirements of

16

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Treasury Regulations section 1.355-7(d)(8), or any successor provision 
thereto), or (v) facilitate or otherwise participate in any acquisition 
(whether solicited or unsolicited) of stock in Guaranty that would result 
in any shareholder owning five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding 
stock of Guaranty; provided however, Guaranty shall be permitted to take 
such action or one or more actions set forth in the foregoing clauses (i) 
through (v) if, prior to taking such action, Guaranty obtains, at its own 
expense, (A) a Supplemental Tax Opinion, (B) a Supplemental Ruling that 
such action will not result in Distribution Taxes, or (C) a written 
statement from Temple-Inland waiving the requirement to obtain a 
Supplemental Tax Opinion or Supplemental Ruling. Temple-Inland and Guaranty 
hereby agree that they will act in good faith to take all reasonable steps 
necessary to amend this Section 4.03(d), from time to time, by mutual 
agreement, to (i) add certain actions to the list contained herein, or (ii) 
remove certain actions from the list contained herein, in either case, in 
order to reflect any relevant change in law, regulation or administrative 
interpretation occurring after the date of this Agreement.

          (e) Cooperation. The Parties agree that, at the request of the 
other Party, the Parties shall cooperate fully to seek to obtain, as 
expeditiously as possible, the Spin-Off Tax Opinion, any Supplemental 
Spin-Off Tax Opinion, any Supplemental Tax Opinion, the IRS Ruling, and/or 
any Supplemental Ruling. Such cooperation shall include the execution of 
any documents that may be necessary or reasonably helpful in connection 
with obtaining the Spin-Off Tax Opinion, Supplemental Spin-Off Tax Opinion, 
Supplemental Tax Opinion, IRS Ruling, and/or Supplemental Ruling (including 
any power of attorney, Officers Certificate, IRS Ruling Documents, 
Supplemental Rulings Documents, and/or reasonably requested written 
representations confirming that (i) Temple-Inland, Forestar or Guaranty, as 
the case may be, has read the Officers Certificate, IRS Ruling Documents, 
and/or Supplemental Ruling Documents, and (ii) all information and 
representations, if any, relating to Temple-Inland (or any Temple-Inland 
Affiliate), Forestar (or any Forestar Affiliate), or Guaranty (or any 
Guaranty Affiliate) as the case may be, contained in the Officers 
Certificate, IRS Ruling Documents, and/or Supplemental Ruling Documents are 
true, correct and complete in all material respects).

     4.04. Allocation of Tax Assets.

          (a) In General. In connection with the Spin-Off, Temple-Inland, 
Forestar and Guaranty shall cooperate in determining the allocation of any 
Tax Assets among Temple-Inland, each Temple-Inland Affiliate, Forestar, 
each Forestar Affiliate, Guaranty, and each Guaranty Affiliate. The 
allocations will be made in accordance with applicable tax laws. The 
Parties hereby agree that in the absence of controlling legal authority or 
unless otherwise provided under this Agreement, Tax Assets shall be 
allocated to the legal entity that created such Tax Assets. If any federal, 
state or other alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards attributable to 
any Pre-Distribution Period are initially allocated or subsequently 
reallocated, pursuant to a Final Determination (together Allocated Credit 
Carryforwards), to Forestar, a Forestar Affiliate, Guaranty, or a Guaranty 
Affiliate, then Forestar and Guaranty, as applicable, shall pay to 
Temple-Inland (i) the amount of the Tax Benefit to Forestar (or any 
Forestar Affiliate) or Guaranty (or any Guaranty Affiliate), as the case 
may be, of such Allocated Credit Carryforwards or (ii) the amount of the 
Tax Detriment to Temple-Inland of such Allocated Credit Carryforwards, 
whichever occurs earlier. These payments will continue until Temple-Inland 
fully recovers such Allocated Credit Carryforwards.

17

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (b) Earnings and Profits. Temple-Inland will advise Forestar and 
Guaranty in writing of the decrease in Temple-Inland earnings and profits 
attributable to the Spin-Off under section 312(h) of the Code on or before 
the first anniversary of the relevant Distribution Date; provided, however
, that Temple-Inland shall provide Forestar and Guaranty with estimates of 
such amounts (determined in accordance with past practice) prior to such 
anniversary as reasonably requested by Forestar and Guaranty. Any 
reasonable third party cost incurred after the Spin-Off in connection with 
determining the earnings and profits attributable to the Spin-Off shall be 
allocated among Temple-Inland, Forestar and Guaranty consistent with the 
allocation of Unallocated Liabilities described in Article VI of the 
Separation Agreement.

Section 5. Indemnification.

     5.01. Temple-Inland Indemnity. Temple-Inland shall indemnify Forestar, 
each Forestar Affiliate, Guaranty, each Guaranty Affiliate and their 
respective directors, officers and employees, and hold them harmless from 
and against any and all Taxes for which Temple-Inland or any Temple-Inland 
Affiliate is liable under this Agreement and any loss, cost, damage, fine, 
penalty, or other expense of any kind, including reasonable attorneys fees 
and costs, that is attributable to, or results from, the failure of 
Temple-Inland, any Temple-Inland Affiliate or any director, officer or 
employee to make any payment required to be made under this Agreement or 
from the failure of Temple-Inland, any Temple-Inland Affiliate or any 
director, officer or employee to provide complete and accurate information 
in connection with the preparation of any tax return. Temple-Inland shall 
further indemnify Guaranty, each Guaranty Affiliate and their respective 
directors, officers and employees, and hold them harmless from and against 
state Income Taxes resulting from a Final Determination that Internal 
Distribution 2 and External Distribution 2 fail to satisfy the requirements 
of section 355(b) of the Code as in effect on May 16, 2006, including any 
losses, damages, or other expenses that are attributable to such failure, 
subject to the following limitation. Guaranty, Guarantys Affiliates, and 
the respective directors, officers and employees have made covenants, 
provided information and made representations related to tax matters in 
this Agreement, the Officers Certificate, Spin-Off Tax Opinion, IRS Ruling 
Documents and other opinions as to the tax effect of an aspect of the Plan 
of Separation. To the extent any Taxes, losses, damages, costs or expenses 
of any kind result from an indemnified Persons breach of any of those 
covenants or failure to provide true, correct, and complete information, 
Temple-Inland shall not be responsible under the indemnities in this 
Section 5.01 and shall not indemnify any Person for those Taxes, losses, 
damages, costs or expenses, provided that for the purpose of this section 
only, statements as to future intention shall not be the basis for a 
failure of a representation or the basis for a claim of providing untrue, 
incorrect or incomplete information unless the statement was intentionally 
misleading or made in bad faith.

     5.02. Forestar Indemnity. Forestar and each Forestar Affiliate shall 
jointly and severally indemnify Temple-Inland, each Temple-Inland 
Affiliate, Guaranty, each Guaranty Affiliate, and their respective 
directors, officers and employees, and hold them harmless from and against 
any and all Taxes for which Forestar or any Forestar Affiliate is liable 
under this Agreement and any loss, cost, damage, fine, penalty, or other 
expense of any kind, including reasonable attorneys fees and costs, that 
is attributable to, or results from, the failure of Forestar,

18

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

any Forestar Affiliate or any director, officer or employee to make any 
payment required to be made under this Agreement or from the failure of 
Forestar, any Forestar Affiliate or any director, officer or employee to 
provide complete and accurate information in connection with the 
preparation of any tax return.

     5.03 Guaranty Indemnity. Guaranty and each Guaranty Affiliate shall 
jointly and severally indemnify Temple-Inland, each Temple-Inland 
Affiliate, Forestar, each Forestar affiliate, and their respective 
directors, officers and employees, and hold them harmless from and against 
any and all Taxes for which Guaranty or any Guaranty Affiliate is liable 
under this Agreement and any loss, cost, damage, fine, penalty, or other 
expense of any kind, including reasonable attorneys fees and costs, that 
is attributable to, or results from, the failure of Guaranty, any Guaranty 
Affiliate or any director, officer or employee to make any payment required 
to be made under this Agreement or from the failure of Guaranty, any 
Guaranty Affiliate, or any director, officer or employee to provide 
complete and accurate information in connection with the preparation of any 
tax return.

Section 6. Payments.

     6.01. Estimated Tax Payments. Estimated tax payments attributable to 
Pre-Distribution Periods will be made in accordance with past Temple-Inland 
practices and the Temple-Inland Inc. Tax Allocation Policy. For 
Post-Distribution Periods, Temple-Inland, Forestar, and Guaranty will each 
be responsible for payment of their respective estimated tax payments.

     6.02. True-Up Payments. Not later than thirty (30) Business Days after 
the filing of a Consolidated or Combined Tax Return (i) Forestar shall pay 
to Temple-Inland, or Temple-Inland shall pay to Forestar, as appropriate, 
an amount equal to the difference, if any, between the Tax liability of 
Forestar and the aggregate amount paid by Forestar with respect to such 
period under Section 6.01 and (ii) Guaranty shall pay to Temple-Inland, or 
Temple-Inland shall pay to Guaranty, as appropriate, an amount equal to the 
difference, if any, between the Tax liability of Guaranty and the aggregate 
amount paid by Guaranty with respect to such period under Section 6.01

     6.03. Redetermination Amounts. In the event of a redetermination of 
any Tax Item reflected on any Consolidated Return or Combined Return (other 
than Tax Items relating to Distribution Taxes), as a result of a refund or 
credit of Taxes paid, a Final Determination or any settlement or compromise 
with any Taxing Authority which in any such case would affect the Tax 
liability of Forestar or Tax liability of Guaranty, Temple-Inland shall 
prepare a revised pro forma Tax Return in accordance with Section 2.01(a) 
for the relevant taxable period reflecting the redetermination of such Tax 
Item as a result of such refund, Final Determination, settlement or 
compromise. Forestar and/or Guaranty shall pay to Temple-Inland, or 
Temple-Inland shall pay to Forestar and/or Guaranty, as appropriate, an 
amount equal to the difference, if any, between the Tax liability of 
Forestar or Tax liability of Guaranty reflected on such revised pro forma 
Tax Return and the Tax liability of Forestar or Tax liability of Guaranty 
for such period as originally computed pursuant to this Agreement.

19

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     6.04. Payments of Refunds and Credits. If one Party receives a refund 
or credit of any Tax to which the other Party is entitled pursuant to 
Section 3.05, the Party receiving such refund or credit shall pay to the 
other Party the amount of such refund or credit pursuant to Section 6.05.

     6.05. Payments Under This Agreement. In the event that one Party (the 
Owing Party) is required to make a payment to another Party (the Owed 
Party) pursuant to this Agreement, then such payments shall be made 
according to this Section 6.05.

          (a) In General. All payments shall be made to the Owed Party or 
to the appropriate Taxing Authority as specified by the Owed Party within 
the time prescribed for payment in this Agreement, or if no period is 
prescribed, within twenty (20) days after delivery of written notice of 
payment owing together with a computation of the amounts due.

          (b) Treatment of Payments. Unless otherwise required by any Final 
Determination, the Parties agree that any payments made by one Party to 
another Party pursuant to this Agreement (other than (i) payments of After 
Tax Amounts pursuant to Section 6.05(d), and (ii) payments of interest 
pursuant to Section 6.05(e)) shall be treated for all Tax purposes as 
nontaxable payments (dividend distributions or capital contributions, as 
the case may be) made immediately prior to the Spin-Offs and, accordingly, 
as not includible in the taxable income of the recipient or as deductible 
by the payor.

          (c) Prompt Performance. All actions required to be taken 
(including payments) by any Party under this Agreement shall be performed 
within the time prescribed for performance in this Agreement, or if no 
period is prescribed, such actions shall be performed promptly.

          (d) After Tax Amounts. If pursuant to a Final Determination it is 
determined that the receipt or accrual of any payment made under this 
Agreement (other than payments of interest pursuant to Section 6.05(e)) is 
subject to any Tax, the Party making such payment shall be liable for (a) 
the After Tax Amount with respect to such payment and (b) interest at the 
rate described in Section 6.05(e) on the amount of such Tax from the date 
such Tax accrues with respect to the receipt of such payment through the 
date of payment of such After Tax Amount. A Party making a demand for a 
payment pursuant to this Agreement and for a payment of an After Tax Amount 
with respect to such payment shall separately specify and compute such 
After Tax Amount. However, a Party may choose not to specify an After Tax 
Amount in a demand for payment pursuant to this Agreement without thereby 
being deemed to have waived its right subsequently to demand an After Tax 
Amount with respect to such payment.

          (e) Interest. Payments pursuant to this Agreement that are not 
made within the period prescribed in this Agreement (the Payment Period) 
shall bear interest for the period from and including the date immediately 
following the last date of the Payment Period through and including the 
date of payment at a per annum rate equal to the Prime Rate plus two 
percent (2%) (or the maximum legal rate whichever is lower). Such interest 
will be payable at the same time as the payment to which it relates and 
shall be calculated on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty-five 
(365) days and the actual number of days for which due.

20

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (f) Procedures. Any claim for indemnification under this Section 
6 shall be governed by, and be subject to, the provisions of Article VII of 
the Separation Agreement, which provisions are hereby incorporated by 
reference into this Agreement and any references to Agreement in such 
Article VII as incorporated herein shall be deemed to be references to this 
Agreement.

Section 7. Tax Proceedings.

     7.01. In General. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the 
Party responsible for preparing and filing a Tax Return pursuant to Section 
2 (the Filing Party) shall have the exclusive right, in its sole 
discretion, to control, contest, and represent the interests of 
Temple-Inland, any Temple-Inland Affiliate, Forestar, any Forestar 
Affiliate, Guaranty or any Guaranty Affiliate in any Audit relating to such 
Tax Return and to resolve, settle or agree to any deficiency, claim or 
adjustment proposed, asserted or assessed in connection with or as a result 
of any such Audit. The Filing Partys rights shall extend to any matter 
pertaining to the management and control of an Audit, including execution 
of waivers, choice of forum, scheduling of conferences and the resolution 
of any Tax Item. Any costs incurred in handling, settling, or contesting an 
Audit shall be borne by the Filing Party.

     7.02. Participation of non-Filing Party. Except as otherwise provided 
in this Agreement, the non-Filing Party shall, if requested, be kept 
reasonably informed on the status of any Audit involving a Sole 
Responsibility Item or a Joint Responsibility Item. The Filing Party shall 
not (i) settle any Audit it controls concerning any such Sole 
Responsibility Item if such Item is more than $200,000 or (ii) settle any 
Audit it controls concerning any such Joint Responsibility Item, in each 
case without the prior written consent of the non-Filing Party, and such 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

     7.03. Notice. Within thirty (30) days after a Party becomes aware of 
the existence of a Tax issue that is reasonably expected to give rise to an 
indemnification obligation under this Agreement, such Party shall give 
notice to the other Party of such issue (such notice shall contain factual 
information, to the extent known, describing any asserted tax liability in 
reasonable detail), and shall forward to the other Party copies of all 
notices and material communications with any Taxing Authority relating to 
such issue. Notwithstanding any provision in Section 8.06 to the contrary, 
if a Party to this Agreement fails to provide the other Party notice as 
required by this Section 7.03, and the failure results in a detriment to 
the other Party then any amount which the other Party is otherwise required 
to pay pursuant to this Agreement shall be reduced by the amount of such 
detriment.

     7.04. Control of Distribution Tax Proceedings. Forestar or Guaranty 
may assume sole control of any Audits relating to Distribution Taxes if it 
acknowledges in writing that it has sole liability for any Distribution 
Taxes under Section 4.01(b) or (c), as the case may be, that might arise in 
such Audit and can demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of 
Temple-Inland that it can satisfy its liability for any such Distribution 
Taxes.

21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Section 8. Miscellaneous.

     8.01. Cooperation and Exchange of Information.

          (a) Cooperation. The Parties shall each cooperate fully (and each 
shall cause its respective Affiliates to cooperate fully) with all 
reasonable requests from another Party for information, data files and 
materials not otherwise available to the requesting Party in connection 
with the preparation and filing of Tax Returns, claims for refund, and 
Audits concerning issues or other matters covered by this Agreement or in 
connection with the determination of a liability for Taxes or a right to a 
refund of Taxes. Such cooperation shall include:

               (i) the retention until the expiration of the applicable 
statute of limitations, and the provision upon request, of copies of all 
Tax Returns, books, records (including information regarding ownership and 
Tax basis of property), documentation and other information relating to the 
Tax Returns, including accompanying schedules, related work papers, and 
documents relating to rulings or other determinations by Taxing Authorities 
(collectively, Tax Material), provided, however, that no such retention 
obligation shall exist to the extent such Tax Material has previously been 
provided from one Party to the other Party;

               (ii) the execution of any document that may be necessary or 
reasonably helpful in connection with any Tax Proceeding, or the filing of 
a Tax Return or refund claim by a member of the Temple-Inland Group, the 
Forestar Group, or the Guaranty Group including certification, to the best 
of a Partys knowledge, of the accuracy and completeness of the information 
it has supplied; and

               (iii) the use of the Partys reasonable best efforts to 
obtain any documentation that may be necessary or reasonably helpful in 
connection with any of the foregoing. Each Party shall make its employees 
and facilities available on a reasonable and mutually convenient basis in 
connection with the foregoing matters.

               (iv) the sharing of information to enable each Party to 
timely fulfill its reporting requirements pursuant to Treasury Regulations 
sections 1.355-5 and 1.368-3.

          (b) Retention of Records.

               (i) Temple-Inland, or any Temple-Inland Affiliate, that is 
in possession of documentation relating to Forestar, or any Forestar 
Affiliate, Guaranty, or any Guaranty Affiliate, including books, records, 
Tax Returns and all supporting schedules and information relating thereto 
that has not been previously provided to Forestar or Guaranty by 
Temple-Inland (the Forestar Business Records or Guaranty Business 
Records), and Forestar, or any Forestar Affiliate, and Guaranty, or any 
Guaranty Affiliate, that is in possession of documentation relating to the 
Temple-Inland, or any Temple-Inland Affiliate, including books, records, 
Tax Returns and all supporting schedules and information relating thereto 
that has not been previously provided to Temple-Inland by Forestar or 
Guaranty (the Temple-Inland Business Records), shall each retain such 
Forestar Business Records, Guaranty Business Records or Temple-Inland 
Business Records (i) for a period of seven (7) years following the Forestar 
and Guaranty Distribution

22

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Dates or (ii) until the expiration of the applicable statute of 
limitations, whichever is longer. Thereafter, (i) if Temple-Inland wishes 
to dispose of Forestar or Guaranty Business Records in its possession, 
Temple-Inland shall provide written notice to Forestar or Guaranty 
describing the documentation proposed to be destroyed or disposed of sixty 
(60) Business Days prior to taking such action, and Forestar or Guaranty 
may arrange to take delivery of any or all of the documentation described 
in the notice at its expense during the succeeding sixty (60) day period; 
and (ii) if Forestar or Guaranty wishes to dispose of Temple-Inland 
Business Records in its possession, Forestar or Guaranty shall provide 
written notice to Temple-Inland describing the documentation proposed to be 
destroyed or disposed of sixty (60) Business Days prior to taking such 
action, and Temple-Inland may arrange to take delivery of any or all of the 
documentation described in the notice at its expense during the succeeding 
sixty (60) day period.

               (ii) Forestar, or any Forestar Affiliate, that is in 
possession of Guaranty Business Records that have not been previously 
provided to Guaranty by Forestar, and Guaranty, or any Guaranty Affiliate, 
that is in possession of Forestar Business Records that have not been 
previously provided to Forestar by Guaranty shall each retain such Guaranty 
Business Records or Forestar Business Records (i) for a period of seven (7) 
years following the Forestar and Guaranty Distribution Dates or (ii) until 
the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations, whichever is 
longer. Thereafter, (i) if Forestar wishes to dispose of Guaranty Business 
Records in its possession, Forestar shall provide written notice to 
Guaranty describing the documentation proposed to be destroyed or disposed 
of sixty (60) Business Days prior to taking such action, and Guaranty may 
arrange to take delivery of any or all of the documentation described in 
the notice at its expense during the succeeding sixty (60) day period; and 
(ii) if Guaranty wishes to dispose of Forestar Business Records in its 
possession, Guaranty shall provide written notice to Forestar describing 
the documentation proposed to be destroyed or disposed of sixty (60) 
Business Days prior to taking such action, and Forestar may arrange to take 
delivery of any or all of the documentation described in the notice at its 
expense during the succeeding sixty (60) day period

     8.02. Dispute Resolution. In the event that any of the Parties 
disagree as to the amount or calculation of any payment to be made under 
this Agreement, or the interpretation or application of any provision under 
this Agreement, the disagreement shall be resolved in accordance with 
Article IX of the Separation Agreement provided however that the provisions 
in section 9.12 of the Separation Agreement shall not apply. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the dispute 
resolution provisions set forth in this Section 8.02 shall not be 
applicable to any disagreement between the Parties relating to federal 
Distribution Taxes and any such dispute shall be settled in a court of law 
or as otherwise agreed to by the Parties.

     8.03. Complete Agreement; Construction. This Agreement, including the 
Appendix, shall constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with 
respect to the subject matter hereof and shall supersede all previous 
negotiations, commitments and writings with respect to such subject matter. 
This Agreement supersedes any prior tax matters agreements between 
Temple-Inland (or any Temple-Inland Affiliate), Forestar (or any Forestar 
Affiliate) and/or Guaranty (or any Guaranty Affiliate) and such prior tax 
matters agreements shall have no further force and effect. In the event of 
any conflict between the terms and conditions of the body of this Agreement 
and the terms and conditions of the Appendix, the terms and conditions of 
such Appendix shall control. In the event of any conflict between the terms 
and conditions of this

23

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Agreement and the terms and conditions of the Separation Agreement or any 
other Ancillary Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall 
control.

     8.04. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in more than one 
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, 
and shall become effective when one or more such counterparts have been 
signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties. Execution 
of this Agreement or any other documents pursuant to this Agreement by 
facsimile or other electronic copy of a signature shall be deemed to be, 
and shall have the same effect as, execution by original signature.

     8.05. Survival of Agreement. Except as otherwise contemplated by this 
Agreement, all covenants and agreements of the Parties contained in this 
Agreement shall survive the Effective Time and remain in full force and 
effect in accordance with their applicable terms.

     8.06. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other 
communications under this Agreement, as between the Parties, shall be in 
writing and shall be given or made (and shall be deemed to have been duly 
given or made upon receipt unless the day of receipt is not a Business Day, 
in which case it shall be deemed to have been duly given or made on the 
next Business Day) by delivery in person, by overnight courier service, by 
facsimile with receipt confirmed (followed by delivery of an original via 
overnight courier service) or by registered or certified mail (postage 
prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective Parties at the 
following addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be 
specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 8.06):
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	To Temple-Inland:
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	Temple-Inland Inc.
 
  	  	  	1300 Mopac Expressway South
 
  	  	  	Austin, TX 78746
 
  	  	  	[Attn: Morris Davis, General Counsel]
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	Facsimile: ( )
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	To Forestar:
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	Forestar Real Estate Group Inc.
 
  	  	  	[Address]
 
  	  	  	Attn: [To come]
 
  	  	  	Facsimile: ( )
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	To Guaranty:
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	Guaranty Financial Group Inc.

24

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	[Address]
 
  	  	  	Attn: [To come]
 
  	  	  	Facsimile: ( )

     8.07. Changes in Law.

          (a) Any reference to a provision of the Code or a law of another 
jurisdiction shall include a reference to any applicable successor 
provision or law.

          (b) If, due to any change in applicable law or regulations or 
their interpretation by any court of law or other governing body having 
jurisdiction subsequent to the date of this Agreement, performance of any 
provision of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated thereby shall 
become impracticable or impossible, the Parties hereto shall use their 
commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to 
achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by 
such provision.

     8.08. Waivers. The failure of any Party to require strict performance 
by any other Party of any provision in this Agreement will not waive or 
diminish that Partys right to demand strict performance thereafter of that 
or any other provision hereof.

     8.09. Amendments. Subject to the terms of Section 8.12, this Agreement 
may not be modified or amended except by an agreement in writing signed by 
each of the Parties.

     8.10. Assignment. Except as otherwise expressly provided for in this 
Agreement, this Agreement shall not be assignable, in whole or in part, by 
any Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, and any 
attempt to assign any rights or obligations arising under this Agreement 
without such consent shall be null and void; provided, that a Party may 
assign this Agreement in connection with a merger transaction in which such 
Party is not the surviving entity or the sale by such Party of all or 
substantially all of its Assets, and upon the effectiveness of such 
assignment, the assigning Party shall be released from all of its 
obligations under this Agreement, if the surviving entity of such merger or 
the transferee of such Assets shall agree in writing in form and substance 
reasonably satisfactory to the other Party, to be bound by the terms of 
this Agreement as if named as a Party hereto.

     8.11. Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement and the 
obligations and rights hereunder shall be binding upon, inure to the 
benefit of and be enforceable by (and against) the Parties and their 
respective successors and permitted transferees and assigns.

     8.12. Termination, Etc. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
herein, this Agreement (including Section 5 (Indemnification) hereof) may 
be terminated and abandoned at any time prior to the Forestar Distribution 
Date or the Guaranty Distribution Date by and in the sole discretion of 
Temple-Inland without the approval of Forestar, Guaranty, or the 
stockholders of Temple-Inland. In the event of such termination, no Party 
shall have any liability to any other Party or any other Person. After the 
earlier of the Forestar Distribution Date or the Guaranty

25

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Distribution Date, this Agreement may not be terminated except by an 
agreement in writing signed by each of the Parties.

     8.13. Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as otherwise expressly 
provided in this Agreement, this Agreement is solely for the benefit of the 
Parties and should not be deemed to confer upon third parties any remedy, 
claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of action or other right in excess 
of those existing without reference to this Agreement.

     8.14. Interpretations. Titles and headings to sections herein are 
inserted for the convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a 
part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

     8.15. Schedules. The Schedules attached hereto are incorporated herein 
by reference and shall be construed with and as an integral part of this 
Agreement to the same extent as if the same had been set forth verbatim 
herein.

     8.16. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed 
in accordance with the internal laws, and not the laws governing conflicts 
of laws, of the State of Texas.

     8.17. Consent to Jurisdiction. Subject to the provisions of this 
section 8.17, each of the Parties irrevocably submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of (a) the District Court of the State of Texas for Travis 
County, and (b) the United States District Court for the Western District 
of Texas, Austin Division (the Texas Courts), for the purposes of any 
suit, action or other proceeding to compel arbitration or for provisional 
relief in aid of arbitration in accordance with Section 8.02 or for 
provisional relief to prevent irreparable harm, and to the non-exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Texas Courts for the enforcement of any award issued 
thereunder. Each of the Parties further agrees that service of any process, 
summons, notice or document by United States registered mail to such 
Partys respective address set forth above shall be effective service of 
process for any action, suit or proceeding in the Texas Courts with respect 
to any matters to which it has submitted to jurisdiction in this Section 
8.17. Each of the Parties irrevocably and unconditionally waives any 
objection to the laying of venue of any action, suit or proceeding arising 
out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in the Texas 
Courts, and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and 
agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit 
or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient 
forum.

     8.18. Specific Performance. The Parties agree that irreparable damage 
would occur in the event that the provisions of this Agreement were not 
performed in accordance with their specific terms. Accordingly, it is 
hereby agreed that the Parties shall be entitled to (i) an injunction or 
injunctions to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any 
arbitration in accordance with Section 8.02 herein, (ii) provisional or 
temporary injunctive relief in accordance therewith in any Texas Court, and 
(iii) enforcement of any such award of an arbitral tribunal or a Texas 
Court in any court of the United States, or any other court or tribunal 
sitting in any state of the United States or in any foreign country that 
has jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy or relief to 
which they may be entitled.

26

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     8.19. Waiver of Jury Trial. SUBJECT TO SECTIONS 8.02, 8.17 AND 8.18 
HEREIN, EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED 
BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO 
ANY COURT PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF AND PERMITTED 
UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED 
BY THIS AGREEMENT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO 
REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, 
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF 
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS 
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE 
MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 8.19.

     8.20. Severability. In the event any one or more of the provisions 
contained in this Agreement should be held invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of 
the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected 
or impaired thereby, and the Parties shall endeavor in good-faith 
negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions 
with valid provisions, the economic effect of which comes as close as 
possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.

     8.21. Force Majeure. No Party (or any person acting on its behalf) 
shall have any liability or responsibility for failure to fulfill any 
obligation (other than a payment obligation) under this Agreement so long 
as and to the extent to which the fulfillment of such obligation is 
prevented, frustrated, hindered or delayed as a consequence of 
circumstances of Force Majeure. A Party claiming the benefit of this 
provision shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of 
any such event: (a) notify the other Party of the nature and extent of any 
such Force Majeure condition and (b) use due diligence to remove any such 
causes and resume performance under this Agreement as soon as reasonably 
practicable.

     8.22. No Circumvention. The Parties agree not to directly or 
indirectly take any actions, act in concert with any person who takes an 
action, or cause or allow any member Affiliate to take any actions 
(including the failure to take a reasonable action) such that the resulting 
effect is to materially undermine the effectiveness of any of the 
provisions of this Agreement (including adversely affecting the rights or 
ability of any Party to successfully pursue indemnification, contribution 
or payment pursuant to Sections 5 and 6).

     8.23. Authorization. Each of the Parties hereby represents and 
warrants that it has the power and authority to execute, deliver and 
perform this Agreement, that this Agreement has been duly authorized by all 
necessary corporate action on the part of such Party, that this Agreement 
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each such Party and 
that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such 
Party does not contravene or conflict with any provision of law or of its 
charter or bylaws or any material agreement, instrument or order binding on 
such Party.

27

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     8.24. Setoff. All payments to be made by any Party under this 
Agreement may be netted against payments due to such Party under this 
Agreement, but otherwise shall be made without setoff, counterclaim or 
withholding, all of which are hereby expressly waived.

     8.25. Confidentiality. The Parties shall comply with the 
confidentiality provisions in Article VIII of the Separation Agreement.

     8.26. Affiliates. Each of the Parties shall cause to be performed all 
actions, agreements and obligations set forth herein to be performed by any 
Affiliate of such Party or by any entity that becomes an Affiliate of such 
Party on and after the relevant Distribution Date.

     8.27. Construction. The Parties have participated jointly in the 
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be 
construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction 
or interpretation against the party drafting or causing any instrument to 
be drafted.

     8.28. Effective Time. This Agreement shall be effective as of the 
Effective Time.


[Signature Pages Follow]

28

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties caused this Tax Matters 
Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	TEMPLE-INLAND INC.
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
 
  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	FORESTAR REAL ESTATE GROUP INC.
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
 
  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	GUARANTY FINANCIAL GROUP INC.
 
  	By: 	  	  	  	 
 
  	Name: 	  	
 
  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	  	  	 

29