 EX-10.3 5 a2178901zex-10_3.htm EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3

[Letterhead]

   

                , 2007

Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc.
100 Crescent Court, Suite 1200
Dallas, Texas 75201

Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
388 Greenwich Street
New York, New York 10013

      Re:
          Initial Public Offering

Gentlemen:

        This letter is being delivered to you in accordance with the 
Underwriting Agreement (the "Underwriting Agreement") entered into by and 
between Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "
Company") and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as representative of the 
several underwriters (the "Underwriters"), relating to an underwritten 
initial public offering (the "Offering"), of 40,000,000 of the Company's 
units (the "Units"), each comprised of one share of the Company's common 
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the "Common Stock"), and one warrant 
exercisable for one share of Common Stock (each, a "Warrant"). The Units 
sold in the Offering will be listed and traded on the American Stock 
Exchange pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 and prospectus 
(the "Prospectus") filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 
8 hereof.

        In order to induce the Company and the Underwriters to enter into 
the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Offering and for other 
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are 
hereby acknowledged, the undersigned [officer] [director] hereby agrees 
with the Company as follows:

        1.     The undersigned [officer] [director] hereby agrees that in 
the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination (as 
defined in the Underwriting Agreement) within 24 months after the date of 
the final Prospectus relating to the Offering, the undersigned shall take 
all reasonable steps to (a) cause the Trust Account to be liquidated and 
distributed to the holders of Common Stock purchased in the Offering and 
(b) cause the Company to be dissolved and liquidated as soon as reasonably 
practicable. The undersigned agrees that in connection with any cessation 
of

------------------------------------------------------------------------

the corporate existence of the Company, he or she will take all reasonable 
steps to cause the Company to adopt a plan of dissolution and distribution 
in accordance with Section 281(b) of the General Corporation Law of the 
State of Delaware or any successor provision thereto.

        2.     (a)    [To be included in officer letters only, not 
independent director letters.] The undersigned agrees that, in order to 
minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple 
corporate affiliations, until the earlier of the Company's completion of a 
Business Combination, the liquidation of the Company or until such time as 
the undersigned ceases to be an officer of the Company, the undersigned 
will present to the Company for its consideration, prior to presentation to 
any other entity, any business opportunity with a fair market value of 
$200.0 million or more, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or 
contractual obligations [he] [she] might have.

              (b)   The undersigned understands that the Company may effect
      a Business Combination with any entity other than an entity in the
      energy industry or an entity that does not have its principal place
      of business in the United States and agrees that, during the period
      commencing on the closing of the Offering and extending until the
      Company has entered into a definitive agreement regarding the
      Company's initial Business Combination, [he] [she] will not
      participate in the formation of, or become affiliated as an officer,
      director or stockholder of, any blank check company that may effect a
      business combination with any entity that conducts its principal
      business operations in the United States or Canada unless such
      entity's principal business activities are related to the energy
      sector; provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall
      override a person's fiduciary obligations to any entity with which he
      or she is currently directly or indirectly associated or affiliated
      or by whom he or she is currently employed.

              (c)   The undersigned hereby agrees and acknowledges that (i)
      each of the Underwriters and the Company would be irreparably injured
      in the event of a breach by the undersigned of his or her obligations
      under paragraph 7(b), monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy
      for such breach and (ii) the non-breaching party shall be entitled to
      injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy such party may
      have, in the event of such breach.

        3.     (a)    Until the date which is 180 days after the completion 
of a Business Combination (the "Lock-Up Period"), the undersigned shall not 
(i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, 
grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose 
of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent 
position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the 
meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
and the rules and

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, with respect to any Units 
acquired in the Offering and the Common Stock and Warrants comprising the 
Units, the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants or any 
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock 
or such Warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock or any such 
securities (the "Offering Securities"), (ii) enter into any swap or other 
arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the 
economic consequences of ownership of the Units, Common Stock or Warrants, 
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants or any securities 
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock or such 
Warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock or any such securities, 
whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock 
or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) publicly announce 
any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii).

              (b)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, the undersigned may
      transfer his Offering Securities (i) by gift to a member of the
      undersigned's immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of
      which is a member of the undersigned's immediate family, an affiliate
      of the undersigned or to a charitable organization, (ii) by virtue of
      the laws of descent and distribution upon death of the undersigned,
      (iii) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (iv) in the
      event of a liquidation of the Company prior to the Company's
      completion of a Business Combination or the consummation of a
      liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction
      which results in all the Company's stockholders having the right to
      exchange their Common Stock for cash, securities or other property
      subsequent to the Company's consummating a Business Combination with
      a target business or (v) to the Company's officers or directors or
      affiliates or family members of any of the Company's officers or
      directors; provided, however, that the permissive transfers set forth
      above may be implemented only upon the respective transferee's
      written agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
      Letter Agreement. During the applicable Lock-Up Period, the
      undersigned shall not grant a security interest in his Offering
      Securities.

              (c)   Further, the undersigned agrees that after the Lock-Up
      Period has elapsed, the Offering Securities shall only be
      transferable or saleable pursuant to a sale registered under the U.S.
      Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from
      registration, other than Regulations S of the Securities Act.

        4.     The undersigned's biographical information furnished to the 
Company and attached here as Exhibit A is true and accurate in all respects 
and does not omit any material information with respect to the 
undersigned's background. The undersigned's questionnaire furnished to the 
Company and attached hereto as Exhibit B is true and accurate in all 
respects. The undersigned represents and warrants that:

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

              (a)   the undersigned is not subject to or a respondent in
      any legal action for, any injunction, cease-and-desist order or order
      or stipulation to desist or refrain from any act or practice relating
      to the offering of securities in any jurisdiction;

              (b)   the undersigned has never been convicted of or pleaded
      guilty to any crime (i) involving fraud or (ii) relating to any
      financial transaction or handling of funds of another person, or
      (iii) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and the Founder is
      not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding; and

              (c)   the undersigned has never been suspended or expelled
      from membership in any securities or commodities exchange or
      association or had a securities or commodities license or
      registrations denied, suspended or revoked.

        5.     (a)    Except as disclosed in the offering circular relating 
to the Offering, neither the undersigned nor any affiliate of the 
undersigned will be entitled to receive, and no such person will accept, 
any finder's fee, reimbursement or cash payment from the Company for 
services rendered to the Company prior to or in connection with the 
consummation of a Business Combination other than reimbursement for any 
out-of-pocket expenses related to the Offering and identifying, 
investigating and consummating a Business Combination.

              (b)   Neither the undersigned nor any affiliate of the
      undersigned will accept a finder's fee, consulting fee or any other
      compensation or fees from any person or other entity in connection
      with a Business Combination, other than compensation or fees that may
      be received for any services provided following a Business
      Combination.

        6.     The undersigned has full right and power, without violating 
any agreement by which he is bound (including, without limitation, any 
non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former 
employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement, serve as [specify office] 
[a director], and hereby consents to being named in the offering circular 
related to the Offering as an [officer] [director] of the Company

        7.     As used herein, (i) a "Business Combination" shall mean a 
business combination with one or more target businesses that have an 
aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the initial amount held in 
the Trust Account (excluding the amount held in the trust account 
representing the underwriters' deferred commission); (ii) "Public 
Stockholders" shall mean the holders of securities issued in the Offering; 
and (iii) "Trust Account" shall mean the trust fund into which a portion of 
the net proceeds of the Offering will be deposited.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        8.     This letter agreement constitutes the entire agreement and 
understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and 
supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or 
among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any 
way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
This letter agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any 
particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all 
parties hereto. No party hereto may assign either this letter agreement or 
any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior 
written approval of the other party. Any purported assignment in violation 
of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to 
transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This 
letter agreement, the entire relationship of the parties hereto, and any 
litigation between the parties (whether grounded in contract, tort, 
statute, law or equity) shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, 
and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Texas, without giving 
effect to its choice of laws principles. This letter agreement shall be 
binding on the undersigned and such person's respective successors, heirs, 
personal representatives and assigns. This letter agreement shall terminate 
on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-Up Period and (ii) the 
liquidation of the Company; provided, that this letter agreement shall 
earlier terminate in the event that the Offering is not consummated and 
closed by            , 2007.

  	Sincerely, 	  	 
     	  	  	 

  	
    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Name] 	
  	
 

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

