 EX-10.2 4 exhibit3.htm EX-10.2

EXHIBIT A
TO
PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT
VESTING SCHEDULE

Vesting in General: The term of this Agreement (the Term) shall commence 
on January 1, 2008 and end on December 31, 2011. With respect to each 
fiscal year of the Company ending respectively on December 31, 2008, 
December 31, 2009, December 31, 2010, and December 31, 2011 (each, a 
Performance Period), a percentage of the Restricted Shares and any Stock 
Dividends thereon shall vest according to the Vesting Schedule set forth 
below based upon the satisfaction of the performance targets described 
below (the Performance Targets) for such Performance Period; provided, 
however, that if vesting does not occur with respect to the Restricted 
Shares and any Stock Dividends thereon that are first subject to vesting as 
a result of the Companys performance with respect to a particular 
Performance Target during such Performance Period, such Restricted Shares 
and any Stock Dividends thereon may become vested upon the satisfaction of 
such Performance Target on a cumulative basis during multiple consecutive 
Performance Periods during the Term, as described below.

  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	Number of Shares
Performance Period End Date 	  	Performance Target 	  	Subject to Vesting
 December 31, 2008
  	Gross Margin 	  	  	 	 
 December 31, 2008
  	Same Store Revenue Growth 	  	  	 	 
 December 31, 2008
  	Reduction of SG&A 	  	  	 	 
 December 31, 2009
  	Gross Margin 	  	  	 	 
 December 31, 2009
  	Same Store Revenue Growth 	  	  	 	 
 December 31, 2009
  	Reduction of SG&A 	  	  	 	 
 December 31, 2010
  	Gross Margin 	  	  	 	 
 December 31, 2010
  	Same Store Revenue Growth 	  	  	 	 
 December 31, 2010
  	Reduction of SG&A 	  	  	 	 
 December 31, 2011
  	Gross Margin 	  	  	 	 
 December 31, 2011
  	Same Store Revenue Growth 	  	  	 	 
 December 31, 2011
  	Reduction of SG&A 	  	  	 	 

For sake of clarity, each      share increment of the Restricted Shares 
(and any Stock Dividends thereon) shall vest on the basis of the 
achievement of a single Performance Target in a particular Performance 
Period (or cumulatively, in multiple Performance Periods, as described 
below), without regard to the Companys performance with respect to the 
other Performance Targets during such Performance Period.

Performance Targets: In order to achieve the vesting of the numbers of 
Restricted Shares and any Stock Dividends thereon for a particular 
Performance Target in a particular Performance Period as set forth in the 
Vesting Schedule, the corresponding Performance Target (as described below) 
must be met for such Performance Period, based upon the results from the 
Companys operations as published in the Companys filings with the 
Securities Exchange Commission, and certified by the Committee.

1. 	  	Gross Margin: The Company must have a total gross margin of      % 
for such Performance Period.

2. 	  	Same Store Revenue Growth: The Companys same store revenue growth 
(expressed as a percentage and based on total revenue) for such Performance 
Period shall be at or above the median same store revenue growth for the 
Peer Organizations (as defined below) for such Performance Period.

3. 	  	Reduction of SG&A: The Company must experience a reduction of sales, 
general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, expressed as a percentage of 
gross profit, during such Performance Period to at least the level 
corresponding to such Performance Period as set forth in the schedule 
below:
  	  	 
Calendar Year 	  	Level of SG&A Expenses
2008 	  	___%
2009
  	     %
2010
  	     %
2011
  	     %

Peer Organizations: Peer Organizations for purposes of the Same Store 
Revenue Growth performance target include the following five publicly 
traded companies in the automotive retail sector: Asbury Automotive, 
AutoNation, Lithia Motors, Sonic Automotive, and United Auto.

No company shall be added to, or removed from, such list of Peer 
Organizations during the term of this Agreement; provided, however, that a 
company shall be removed from such list of Peer Organizations for a 
Performance Period if (a) during such period, (i) such company ceases to 
maintain publicly available statements of operations prepared in accordance 
with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently 
applied (GAAP), (ii) such company is not the surviving entity in any 
merger, consolidation, or other non-bankruptcy reorganization (or survives 
only as a subsidiary of an entity other than a previously wholly owned 
subsidiary of such company), (iii) such company sells, leases, or exchanges 
all or substantially all of its assets to any other person or entity (other 
than a previously wholly owned subsidiary of such company), or (iv) such 
company is dissolved and liquidated, or (b) more than      % of such 
companys revenues (determined on a consolidated basis based on the 
regularly prepared and publicly available statements of operations of such 
company prepared in accordance with GAAP) for any fiscal year of such 
company that ends during such Performance Period are attributable to the 
operation of businesses other than automotive retail sales and such company 
does not provide publicly available statements of operations with respect 
to its automotive retail business that are separate from the statements of 
operations provided with respect to its other businesses. Any organization 
that is removed from such list of Peer Organizations pursuant to the 
provisions of this paragraph shall not be included in the list of Peer 
Organizations for any subsequent Performance Period after the Performance 
Period in which it was so removed.

Calculations of whether the Performance Targets have been achieved under 
this Agreement shall be based upon the Companys and the Peer 
Organizations respective financial results as described in their 
respective regularly prepared and publicly available consolidated 
statements of operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, in the event that an Extraordinary Event (as defined below) 
occurs during any Performance Period, the Committee shall determine whether 
the Performance Targets have been met by the Company with respect to such 
Performance Period by using financial information of the Company and, to 
the extent publicly available, for the Peer Organizations, that is adjusted 
to exclude the portion of the Companys (and, as applicable, the Peer 
Organizations) financial results attributable to dealerships located in 
the geographic area(s) and/or business line(s) impacted by such 
Extraordinary Event, as applicable.

For purposes of this Agreement, Extraordinary Event shall mean:

1. 	  	The occurrence of a natural disaster in a county or parish in which 
a dealership of the Company is located, if such natural disaster results in 
the declaration by the federal government that the county or parish has 
experienced a major disaster or, in the case of a dealership located in the 
United Kingdom, a declaration is made by the applicable governmental 
authority that the county or parish in which such dealership is located 
experienced a disaster that entitles persons in such county to apply for 
governmental disaster assistance.

2. 	  	The discontinuation of the production of new automobiles by an 
automobile manufacturer that supplies Company dealerships or the loss by 
the Company or particular dealerships of the Company of franchise rights 
from such a manufacturer.

Cumulative Vesting Opportunity: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if in any 
Performance Period during the Term (other than the Performance Period for 
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2011), the Company did not achieve any 
of the Performance Target set forth above as to such Performance Period, 
Employee will continue to have the opportunity to satisfy such Performance 
Target(s) on a cumulative basis. A Performance Target will be determined by 
the Committee to have been satisfied with respect to a particular 
Performance Period on a cumulative basis if, taking into account the 
average rate of the Companys performance as to such Performance Target 
based on all completed Performance Periods during the Term prior to the 
date of determination, the Company achieved such Performance Target. For 
sake of clarity, the following are examples of cumulative vesting:

Gross Margin: If the Companys Gross Margin for 2008 is      % and the 
Companys Gross Margin for 2009 is      %, then the average Gross Margin 
for the 2008 and 2009 Performance Periods is      % [     ] and the Gross 
Margin Performance Target will be determined to have been met for each of 
the 2008 and 2009 Performance Periods.

Same Store Revenue Growth: If the Companys Same Store Revenue Growth for 
2008 is      %, but its Peer Organizations median Same Store Revenue 
Growth for each of 2008 and 2009 is      %, then the Same Store Revenue 
Growth Performance Target will be determined to have been met by the 
Company for 2008 and 2009 if the Companys Same Store Revenue Growth for 
2009 is at least      %.

Reduction of SG&A Expenses: If SG&A expenses have been reduced to      % 
for the 2008 Performance Period,      % for the 2009 Performance Period, 
and      % or lower for the 2010 Performance Period, then the Reduction of 
SG&A Performance Target will be determined to have been met for each of the 
2008, 2009 and 2010 Performance Periods. This is determined by reducing the 
Performance Target for the final year in the series of Performance Periods 
under consideration by the amount by which the Performance Target was 
missed in each of the preceding years in the series of Performance Periods 
under consideration. In this example, the required level of SG&A expense 
for 2010 to achieve vesting for the 2008, 2009 and 2010 Performance Periods 
is      %, which is determined as follows:      .