 EX-10.251.1 2 g10560exv10w251w1.htm EX-10.251.1 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE


 

EXHIBIT 10.251.1


SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE

     THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplement), dated as of August 
20, 2007, is between ION Media Networks, Inc., a corporation duly organized 
under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company), and The Bank of 
New York Trust Company, N.A., a national banking association, as Trustee 
(the Trustee).


Preliminary Statements

     The Company and the Trustee are parties to that certain Indenture, 
dated as of May 4, 2007 (the Indenture), relating to the issuance of the 
Companys 11% Series B Mandatorily Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes 
due 2013. Section 2.02(g) of the Indenture provides that Securities may 
only be issued in denominations of $1,000 principal amount and any integral 
multiple thereof. The parties hereto wish to supplement the Indenture to 
provide that the Securities may be issued in any denomination, whether or 
not an integral multiple of $1,000.

     Section 10.01(l) of the Indenture allows the Company and the Trustee 
to enter into a supplemental indenture without the consent of the Holders 
to take any action that will not adversely affect the Holders. The Company 
hereby represents that the changes contained herein will not adversely 
affect the Holders.

     Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings 
ascribed thereto in the Indenture.


Agreement

     In consideration of the purchase of the Securities by the Holders 
thereof, the parties hereto agree, for the benefit of each other and for 
the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities, that the 
Indenture is hereby supplemented to provide that Securities may be issued 
in any denomination, whether or not an integral multiple of $1,000. 
Further, Securities of any denomination, whether or not an integral 
multiple of $1,000, may be converted in the manner set forth in Article 4 
of the Indenture, whether the conversion is optional or mandatory.

     The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency 
of this Supplement. The statements herein are deemed to be those of the 
Company and not of the Trustee.

     This Supplement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile 
transmission) in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed 
shall be deemed an original but all of which taken together shall 
constitute one and the same instrument.

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Supplement to be duly 
executed as of the date and year first written above.
  	  	  	  	 
  	ION MEDIA NETWORKS, INC.
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Richard Garcia   	 
  	  	Name:   	Richard Garcia  	 
  	  	Title:   	Chief Financial Officer  	 
 
  	  	  	  	 
  	THE BANK OF NEW YORK TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as Trustee
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Geraldine Creswell   	 
  	  	Name:   	Geraldine Creswell  	 
  	  	Title:   	Assistant Treasurer  	 
 

2