 EX-10.1 2 f35583exv10w1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1


 

Exhibit 10.1


Harmonic Inc.

Change Of Control Severance Agreement

This Change of Control Severance Agreement (the Agreement) is made and 
entered into by and between Matthew Aden, (the Employee) and Harmonic 
Inc. (the Company), effective as of the latest date set forth by the 
signatures of the parties hereto below.

RECITALS

A.     It is expected that the Company from time to time will consider the 
possibility of an acquisition by another company or other Change of 
Control. The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ) recognizes 
that such consideration can be a distraction to the Employee and can cause 
the Employee to consider alternative employment opportunities. The Board 
has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its 
shareholders to assure that the Company will have the continued dedication 
and objectivity of the Employee, notwithstanding the possibility, threat or 
occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined below) of the Company.

B.     The Board believes that it is in the best interests of the Company 
and its shareholders to provide the Employee with an incentive to continue 
his employment and to motivate the Employee to maximize the value of the 
Company upon a Change of Control for the benefit of its shareholders.

C.     The Board believes that it is imperative to provide the Employee 
with certain severance benefits upon Employees termination of employment 
following a Change of Control which provides the Employee with enhanced 
financial security and provides incentive and encouragement to the Employee 
to remain with the Company notwithstanding the possibility of a Change of 
Control.

          D.     Certain capitalized terms used in the Agreement are 
defined in Section 6 below.
          The parties hereto agree as follows:

          Term of Agreement. This Agreement shall terminate upon the date 
that all obligations of the parties hereto with respect to this Agreement 
have been satisfied.

          At-Will Employment. The Company and the Employee acknowledge that 
the Employees employment is and shall continue to be at-will, as defined 
under applicable law. If the Employees employment terminates for any 
reason, including (without limitation) any termination prior to a Change of 
Control, the Employee shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits, 
damages, awards or compensation other than as provided by this Agreement, 
or as may otherwise be available in accordance with the Companys 
established employee plans and practices or pursuant to other agreements 
with the Company.

          Severance Benefits.

               Termination Following a Change of Control. If the Employees 
employment terminates at any time within eighteen (18) months following a 
Change of Control, then, subject to Section 5, the Employee shall be 
entitled to receive the following severance benefits:

                    Involuntary Termination. If the Employees employment 
is terminated as a result of Involuntary Termination other than for Cause, 
then the Employee shall receive the following severance benefits from the 
Company:

                         Severance Payment. A cash payment in an amount 
equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the Employees Annual Compensation;

                         Bonus Payment. A cash payment in an amount equal 
to either 50% of the established annual target bonus or the average of the 
actual bonus paid in each of the two prior years, whichever is greater.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

                         Continued Employee Benefits. One hundred percent 
(100%) Company-paid health, dental and life insurance coverage at the same 
level of coverage as was provided to such employee immediately prior to the 
Change of Control (the Company-Paid Coverage). If such coverage included 
the Employees dependents immediately prior to the Change of Control, such 
dependent shall also be covered at Company expense. Company- Paid Coverage 
shall continue until the earlier of (i) one year from the date of the 
Change of Control, or (ii) the date that the Employee and his dependents 
become covered under another employers group health, dental or life 
insurance plans. For purposes of Title X of the Consolidated Budget 
Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA), the date of the qualifying event 
for Employee and his dependent shall be the date upon which the 
Company-Paid Coverage terminates.

                         Option and Restricted Stock Accelerated Vesting. 
One hundred percent (100%) of the unvested portion of any outstanding stock 
option or restricted stock held by the Employee shall automatically be 
accelerated in full so as to become completely vested and all such 
outstanding stock options shall be exercisable for a period of one year 
after such termination.

                         Outplacement Assistance. If desired by Employee, 
Company will pay up to five thousand dollars ($5,000.00) for outplacement 
assistance selected by Company and approved by Employee.

               Timing of Severance Payments. Any severance payment to which 
Employee is entitled under Section 3(a)(i)(1) shall be paid by the Company 
to the Employee (or to the Employees successors in interest pursuant to 
Section 7(b)) in cash and in full, not later than thirty (30) calendar days 
following the Termination Date or within twelve (12) months of Termination 
Date at the election of the Employee.

               Voluntary Resignation; Termination For Cause. If the 
Employees employment terminates by reason of the Employees voluntary 
resignation (and is not an Involuntary Termination), or if the Employee is 
terminated for Cause, then the Employee shall not be entitled to receive 
severance or other benefits except for those (if any) as may then be 
established under the Companys then existing severance and benefits plans 
and practices or pursuant to other agreements with the Company.

               Disability; Death. If the Company terminates the Employees 
employment as a result of the Employees Disability or such Employees 
employment is terminated due to the death of the Employee then the Employee 
shall not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits except for 
those (if any) as may then be established under the Companys then existing 
severance and benefits plans and practices or pursuant to other agreements 
with the Company.

               Termination Apart from Change of Control. In the event the 
Employees employment is terminated for any reason, either prior to the 
occurrence of a Change of Control or after the eighteen (18) -month period 
following a Change of Control, then the Employee shall be entitled to 
receive severance and any other benefits only as may then be established 
under the Companys existing severance and benefits plans and practices or 
pursuant to other agreements with the Company.

          Attorney Fees; Costs and Expenses. The Company shall promptly 
reimburse Employee, on a monthly basis, for the reasonable attorney fees, 
costs and expenses incurred by the Employee in connection with any action 
brought by Employee to enforce his rights hereunder, regardless of the 
outcome of the action.

          Limitation on Payments. In the event that the severance and other 
benefits provided for in this Agreement or otherwise payable to the 
Employee (i) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 
280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the Code) and (ii) 
but for this Section 5, would be subject to the excise tax imposed by 
Section 4999 of the Code, then the Employees severance benefits under 
Section 3(a)(i) shall be either

               delivered in full, or

               delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no 
portion of such severance benefits being subject to excise tax under 
Section 4999 of the Code, whichever of the foregoing amounts taking into 
account

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the excise tax 
imposed by Section 4999, results in the receipt by the Employee on an 
after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of severance benefits, 
notwithstanding that all or some portion of such severance benefits may be 
taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. Unless the Company and the Employee 
otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section 5 
shall be made in writing by the Companys Accountants immediately prior to 
Change of Control, whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon 
the Employee and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the 
calculations required by this Section 5, the Accountants may make 
reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and 
may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the 
application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and the 
Employee shall furnish to the Accountants such information and documents as 
the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination 
under this Section. The Company shall bear all costs the Accountants may 
reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this 
Section 5.

          Definition of Terms. The following terms referred to in this 
Agreement shall have the following meanings:

               Annual Compensation. Annual Compensation means an amount 
equal to Employees Company base salary for the twelve months preceding the 
Change of Control.

               Cause. Cause shall mean (i) any act of personal dishonesty 
taken by the Employee in connection with his responsibilities as an 
employee and intended to result in substantial personal enrichment of the 
Employee, (ii) the conviction of a felony) (iii) a willful act by the 
Employee which constitutes gross misconduct and which is injurious to the 
Company, and (iv) following delivery to the Employee of a written demand 
for performance from the Company which describes the basis for the 
Companys belief that the Employee has not substantially performed his 
duties, continued violations by the Employee of the Employees obligations 
to the Company which are demonstrably willful and deliberate on the 
Employees part.

               Change of Control. Change of Control means the occurrence 
of any of the following events:

                    Any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) 
and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) becomes the 
beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said Act), directly or 
indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50%) 
or more of the total voting power represented by the Companys then 
outstanding voting securities;

                    A change in the composition of the Board occurring 
within a two-year period, as a result of which fewer than a majority of the 
directors are Incumbent Directors. Incumbent Directors shall mean 
directors who either (A) are directors of the Company as of the date 
hereof, or (B) are elected, or nominated for election, to the Board with 
the affirmative votes of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors at 
the time of such election or nomination (but shall not include an 
individual whose election or nomination is in connection with an actual or 
threatened proxy contest relating to the election of directors to the 
Company);

                    The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the 
Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation 
which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding 
immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining 
outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving 
entity) at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented 
by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity 
outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation;

                    The consummation of the sale or disposition by the 
Company of all or substantially all the Companys assets.

               Disability. Disability shall mean that the Employee has 
been unable to perform his Company duties as the result of his incapacity 
due to physical or mental illness, and such inability, at least 26 weeks 
after its commencement, is determined to be total and permanent by a 
physician selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the 
Employee or the Employees legal representative (such Agreement as to 
acceptability not to be unreasonably withheld). Termination resulting from 
Disability may only be effected after at least 30 days written notice by 
the Company of its intention to terminate the Employees employment. In the 
event that the Employee

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

resumes the performance of substantially all of his duties hereunder before 
the termination of his employment becomes effective, the notice of intent 
to terminate shall automatically be deemed to have been revoked.

               Involuntary Termination. Involuntary Termination shall 
mean (i) without the Employees express written consent, the significant 
reduction of the Employees duties authority or responsibilities relative 
to the Employees duties, authority or responsibilities as in effect 
immediately prior to such reduction, or the assignment to Employee of such 
reduced duties, authority or responsibilities; (ii) without the Employees 
express written consent, a substantial reduction, without good business 
reasons, of the facilities and perquisites (including office space and 
location) available to the Employee immediately prior to such reduction; 
(iii) a reduction by the Company in the base salary of the Employee as in 
effect immediately prior to such reduction; (iv) a material reduction by 
the Company in the kind or level of employee benefits, including bonuses, 
to which the Employee was entitled immediately prior to such reduction with 
the result that the Employees overall benefits package is significantly 
reduced; (v) the relocation of the Employee to a facility or a location 
more than twenty-five (25) miles from the Employees then present location, 
without the Employees express written consent; (vi) any purported 
termination of the Employee by the Company which is not effected for 
Disability or for Cause, or any purported termination for which the grounds 
relied upon are not valid; (vii) the failure of the Company to obtain the 
assumption of this Agreement by any successors contemplated in Section 7(a) 
below; or (viii) any act or set of facts or circumstances which would, 
under California case law or statute constitute a constructive termination 
of the Employee.

               Termination Date. Termination Date shall mean (i) if this 
Agreement is terminated by the Company for Disability, thirty (30) days 
after notice of termination is given to the Employee (provided that the 
Employee shall not have returned to the performance of the Employees 
duties on a full-time basis during such thirty (30)-day period), (ii) if 
the Employees employment is terminated by the Company for any other 
reason, the date on which a notice of termination is given, provided that 
if within thirty (30) days after the Company gives the Employee notice of 
termination, the Employee notifies the Company that a dispute exists 
concerning the termination or the benefits due pursuant to this Agreement, 
then the Termination Date shall be the date on which such dispute is 
finally determined, either by mutual written agreement of the parties, or 
by a final judgment, order or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction 
(the time for appeal therefrom having expired and no appeal having been 
perfected), or (iii) if the Agreement is terminated by the Employee, the 
date on which the Employee delivers the notice of termination to the 
Company.

          Successors.

               Companys Successors. Any successor to the Company (whether 
direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, 
liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Companys 
business and/or assets shall assume the obligations under this Agreement 
and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement in the 
same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to 
perform such obligations in the absence of a succession. For all purposes 
under this Agreement, the term Company shall include any successor to the 
Companys business and/or assets which executes and delivers the assumption 
agreement described in this Section 7(a) or which becomes bound by the 
terms of this Agreement by operation of law.

               Employees Successors. The terms of this Agreement and all 
rights of the Employee hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be 
enforceable by, the Employees personal or legal representatives, 
executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and 
legatees.

          Notice.

               General. Notices and all other communications contemplated 
by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly 
given when personally delivered or when mailed by U.S. registered or 
certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid. In the case 
of the Employee, mailed notices shall be addressed to him at the home 
address which he most recently communicated to the Company in writing. In 
the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its corporate 
headquarters, and all notices directed shall be to the attention of its 
Secretary.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

               Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company for 
Cause or by the Employee as a result of a voluntary resignation or an 
Involuntary Termination shall be communicated by a notice of termination to 
the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 8(a) of this 
Agreement. Such notice shall indicate the specific termination provision in 
this Agreement relied upon, shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts 
and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the 
provision so indicated, and shall specify the termination date (which shall 
be not more than 30 days after the giving of such notice). The failure by 
the Employee to include in the notice any fact or circumstance which 
contributes to a showing of Involuntary Termination shall not waive any 
right of the Employee hereunder or preclude the Employee from asserting 
such fact or circumstance in enforcing his rights hereunder.

          Miscellaneous Provisions.

               No Duty to Mitigate. The Employee shall not be required to 
mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor 
shall any such payment be reduced by any earnings that the Employee may 
receive from any other source.

               Waiver. No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, 
waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed 
to in writing and signed by the Employee and by an authorized officer of 
the Company (other than the Employee). No waiver by either party of any 
breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this 
Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other 
condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another 
time.

               Whole Agreement. No agreements, representations or 
understandings (whether oral or written and whether express or implied) 
which are not expressly set forth in this Agreement have been made or 
entered into by either party with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
This Agreement represents the entire understanding of the parties hereto 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior 
arrangements and understandings regarding same.

               Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been 
executed and delivered within the State of California and the validity, 
interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to choice 
of law principles.

               Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any 
provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or 
enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full 
force and effect.

               Withholding. All payments made pursuant to this Agreement 
will be subject to withholding of applicable income and employment taxes.

               Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which 
together will constitute one and the same instrument.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this 
Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of 
the day and year set forth below.
  	  	  	  	 
COMPANY 	  	HARMONIC INC.
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Patrick J. Harshman
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	President & CEO
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Date: 	  	October 1, 2007
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
EMPLOYEE
  	Name: 	  	/s/ Matthew Aden
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	 
 
  	Date: 	  	October 1, 2007
 
  	  	  	 

 