 EX-10.15 3 a07-26098_1ex10d15.htm EX-10.15
Exhibit 10.15
 
JOINT SALES AGREEMENT
 
THIS JOINT SALES AGREEMENT  (this Agreement) is made as of this 31st day 
of August 2007, (the Effective Date), by and among Barrington Traverse 
City LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Sales Agent) and Tucker 
Broadcasting of Traverse City, Inc. (Station Licensee), a Delaware 
corporation.
 
W I T N E S S E T H:
 
WHEREAS, Sales Agent is a party to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, 
by and among Max Media LLC and MTC License LLC (collectively, Sellers) 
and Sales Agent, dated as of the date hereof (the Station Purchase 
Agreement) pursuant to which Sales Agent has agreed to purchase certain 
assets of the Sellers related to the television broadcast stations WGTU, 
channel 29, Traverse City, Michigan (WGTU) and WGTQ, channel 8, Sault 
Ste. Marie, Michigan (WGTQ and together with WGTU, the Stations) each 
serving the Traverse City/Cadillac, Michigan market;
 
WHEREAS, Sales Agent and Station Licensee are parties to that certain 
Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the 
Assignment and Assumption Agreement), pursuant to which Sales Agent has 
assigned certain of its rights under the Station Purchase Agreement to 
Station Licensee, including the right to purchase the FCC licenses (the 
FCC Licenses) for, and the assets of, the Stations;
 
WHEREAS, in order to better and more efficiently promote the economic and 
business development of the Stations following the closing of the 
transactions contemplated by the Station Purchase Agreement, the parties 
desire to enter into this Agreement as of and with respect to the period 
following the Base Date (as defined below); and
 
WHEREAS, simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, 
the parties hereto are entering into that certain Shared Services 
Agreement, with respect to which Sales Agent shall provide certain services 
and make available to the Station Licensee certain technical and other 
facilities (the Shared Services Agreement).
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual 
promises, undertakings, covenants and agreements of the parties contained 
in this Agreement, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, 
hereby agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
 
DEFINITIONS
 
Section 1.1       Terms Defined in this Section.  The following terms, as 
used in this Agreement, shall have the meanings set forth in this Section:
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, (a) any other Person that, 
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is 
controlled by, or is under common control with such Person, or (b) an 
officer or director of such Person or of an Affiliate of such Person within 
the meaning of clause (a) of this definition.  For purposes of clause (a) 
of this definition, without limitation, (i) a Person shall be deemed to 
control another Person if such Person (A) has sufficient power to enable 
such Person to elect a majority of the board of directors (or comparable 
governing body) of such Person, or (B) owns a majority of the beneficial 
interests in income and capital of such Person, and (ii) a Person shall be 
deemed to control any partnership of which such Person is a general 
partner.
 
Applicable Law means any of the Communications Act, the FCC Rules, and 
all other federal, state and local constitutions, laws, statutes, codes, 
rules, regulations, ordinances, judgments, orders, decrees and the like of 
any governmental entity, including common law.
 
Base Date means the date on which the closing of the Station Purchase 
Agreement shall have occurred.
 
Communications Act means the Communications Act of 1934, as amended, as 
in effect from time to time.
 
FCC means the Federal Communications Commission or any successor agency 
thereto.
 
FCC Rules means the rules and published policies of the FCC, as in effect 
from time to time.
 
 Market means the Nielsen Designated Market Area that encompasses the 
Stations.
 
Network means any national television network party to any network 
affiliation agreement to which Licensee is a party with respect to the 
Station.
 
Obligations of Sales Agent means any and all obligations and duties of 
Sales Agent under (i) this Agreement, and (ii) the Shared Services 
Agreement.
 
 Person includes, without limitation, natural persons, corporations, 
business trusts, associations, companies, joint ventures, and partnerships.
 
Third Party Claim means any action, suit, claim or legal, administrative, 
arbitration, mediation, governmental or other proceeding or investigation, 
other than any brought by a party to this Agreement or an Affiliate of a 
party to this Agreement.
 
 Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Shared Services 
Agreement, the Option Agreement, the Letter Agreement, the Station Purchase 
Agreement, the Assignment and Assumption Agreement and the other documents, 
agreements and instruments executed by the parties hereto and thereto in 
connection therewith.
 
Section 1.2       Additional Defined Terms.  In addition to the defined 
terms in the preamble, recitals and Section 1.1 hereof, the following is a 
list of terms used in this Agreement and a reference to the section or 
schedule hereof in which such term is defined:
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Term
 
Section/Schedule
 
 
 
Acquisition Financing Arrangement
 
      Schedule 3.1
Advertisements
 
      Section 4.1
Broadcast Material
 
      Section 4.3
Defense Counsel
 
      Section 8.3
Defense Notice
 
      Section 8.3
Delivered Programming
 
      Section 4.2
Designated Expenses
 
      Schedule 3.1
Direct Claim
 
      Section 8.3(e)
Disclosure Statement
 
      Section 5.2(c)
Indemnified Party
 
      Section 8.3
Indemnifying Party
 
      Section 8.3
Initial Term
 
      Section 2.1(a)
Licensee Revenue Share
 
      Section 3.1(a)
Loss
 
      Section 8.1
Net Sales Revenue
 
      Schedule 3.1
Operating Budget
 
      Section 5.1(d)
Option Agreement
 
      Section 2.2(a)
Other Expenses
 
      Schedule 3.1
Policy Statement
 
      Section 4.3
Premises
 
      Section 5.4
Principal Agreements
 
      Schedule 3.1
PSAs
 
      Section 4.4
Ratings Agencies
 
      Section 5.1(j)
Sales Agent Assignee
 
      Section 9.3
Sales Agent Indemnified Party
 
      Section 8.2
Station Indemnified Party
 
      Section 8.1
Term
 
      Section 2.1(b)
Trade Agreements
 
      Section 4.5
 
ARTICLE II
 
TERM
 
Section 2.1       Term.
 
(a)   Initial Term.  This Agreement shall be deemed effective, and the 
initial term hereof shall commence, on and as of the Base Date and such 
initial term (the Initial Term) shall continue until the eighth (8th) 
anniversary of the Base Date, unless terminated in accordance with Section 
2.2 below.
 
(b)   Renewal Term.  This Agreement shall be renewed automatically for an 
additional term of eight (8) years commencing on the day following the 
expiration of the Initial Term (the Initial Term and any such renewal terms 
hereinafter referred to as the Term); provided, however, that this 
Agreement may be terminated by Sales Agent, on the one hand, or Station 
Licensee, on the other, prior to the expiration of the Initial Term by 
delivery to the other party of 180 days prior written notice of such 
termination, which notice may be given by such
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
party to the other party commencing on the date which is seven (7) years 
and six (6) months after the Base Date.
 
Section 2.2       Termination.
 
(a)   Mutual Agreement.  This Agreement may be terminated at any time by 
mutual agreement of the parties hereto.  This Agreement shall terminate 
upon the Option Closing (as such term is defined in the Option Agreement) 
under that certain Option Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and 
between Station Licensee and Sales Agent, as such agreement may be amended 
from time to time pursuant to the terms thereof (the Option Agreement).
 
(b)   Termination by Station Licensee or  Sales Agent.  This Agreement may 
be terminated by Station Licensee or Sales Agent, by written notice to the 
other, upon the occurrence of any of the following events; provided that 
any such termination shall be effective as of the date thirty (30) days 
after such notice:
 
(i)            this Agreement has been declared invalid under Applicable 
Law or illegal in whole or substantial part by an order or decree of an 
administrative agency or court of competent jurisdiction which is not 
subject to appeal or further administrative or judicial review, and the 
parties, acting in good faith, are unable to agree upon a modification of 
the Agreement so as to cause the Agreement to comply with Applicable Law; 
or
 
(ii)           there has been a change in the Communications Act or the FCC 
Rules that causes this Agreement in its entirety to be in violation thereof 
and the applicability of such change is not subject to appeal or further 
administrative review; and the parties, acting in good faith, are unable to 
agree upon a modification of the Agreement so as to cause the Agreement to 
comply with the Communications Act or the FCC Rules as so changed.
 
(c)   Termination by Sales Agent.  This Agreement may be terminated by 
Sales Agent, by written notice to Station Licensee, upon the occurrence of 
any of the following events, provided that any such termination shall be 
effective as of the date thirty (30) days after such notice and provided 
further that if there is an exercise of the Option (as defined in the 
Option Agreement) under the Option Agreement prior to any such termination 
or during the 30-day period thereafter, the termination hereunder shall not 
be effective until the either of (i) the Option Closing (as defined in the 
Option Agreement) or (ii) the termination of the Option Agreement:
 
(i)            if Sales Agent is not then in material breach and Station 
Licensee is in material breach under this Agreement or the Shared Services 
Agreement (other than a breach by Station Licensee of any of its payment 
obligations under the Shared Services Agreement) and Station Licensee has 
failed to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receiving written 
notice of such breach from Sales Agent, or if Sales Agent is not then in 
material breach and Station Licensee breaches any of its payment 
obligations to Sales Agent under the Shared Services Agreement (other than 
any such payment obligation that is being contested in good faith) which 
breach shall not have been cured within fifteen (15) days after receiving 
written notice of such breach from Sales Agent;
 
(ii)           if Station Licensee or any Affiliate of Station Licensee 
makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, files, or has 
filed against it, a petition for
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
bankruptcy, reorganization or an arrangement for the benefit of creditors, 
or for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, or similar creditors 
representative for the property or assets of Station Licensee or any 
Affiliate of Station License under any federal or state insolvency law 
which, if filed against Station Licensee or any Affiliate of Station 
Licensee, has not been dismissed within thirty (30) days thereof; or
 
(iii)          upon and at any time following termination of the Option 
Agreement.
 
(d)   Termination by Station Licensee.  This Agreement may be terminated by 
Station Licensee, by written notice to Sales Agent, upon the occurrence of 
any of the following events, provided that any such termination shall be 
effective as of the date thirty (30) days after such notice and provided 
further that if there is an exercise of the Option under the Option 
Agreement prior to any such termination or during the 30-day period 
thereafter, the termination hereunder shall not be effective until the 
either of (i) the Option Closing or (ii) the termination of the Option 
Agreement:
 
(i)            if Station Licensee is not then in material breach and Sales 
Agent breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement or the Shared 
Services Agreement which breach reasonably could be expected to result in 
the revocation or non-renewal of the Stations FCC Licenses and such breach 
shall not have been cured within thirty (30) days after receiving written 
notice of such breach from Station Licensee, or if Sales Agent breaches any 
of its payment obligations to Station Licensee (other than any such payment 
obligation that is being contested in good faith) which breach shall not 
have been cured within fifteen (15) days after receiving written notice of 
such breach from Station Licensee;
 
(ii)           if Sales Agent or any of its Affiliates makes a general 
assignment for the benefit of creditors, files, or has filed against it a 
petition for bankruptcy, reorganization or an arrangement for the benefit 
of creditors, or for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, or similar 
creditors representative for the property or assets of Sales Agent or any 
of its Affiliates under any federal or state insolvency law which, if filed 
against Sales Agent or any of its Affiliates, has not been dismissed within 
thirty (30) days thereof; or
 
(iii)          upon and at any time following termination of the Option 
Agreement.
 
Section 2.3       Certain Matters Upon Termination. 
 
(a)   Continuing Obligations.  No expiration or termination of this 
Agreement shall terminate the obligations of any party hereto to indemnify 
the other parties for Third Party Claims under Section 8 of this Agreement, 
or limit or impair any partys rights to receive payments due and owing 
hereunder on or before the effective date of such termination.
 
(b)   Cooperation.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in 
this Agreement, if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to the second 
sentence of Section 2.2(a) following the Option Closing, the parties shall 
cooperate with each other as may be reasonably requested to effect an 
allocation of the revenues and expenses for any partial calendar month
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
resulting from such termination or to effect any working capital payment 
required in connection with such allocation or a related transfer of 
control pursuant to the Option Agreement.
 
ARTICLE III
 
CONSIDERATION
 
Section 3.1       Licensee Revenue Share. 
 
(a)   As consideration for the right of Sales Agent to market and sell air 
time made available under this Agreement, with respect to each calendar 
month during the Term, Sales Agent shall pay over to Station Licensee an 
amount equal to seventy percent (70%) of the total amount of Net Sales 
Revenue for the applicable calendar month (the Licensee Revenue Share).  
Sales Agent shall retain the remaining thirty percent (30%) of the total 
amount of Net Sales Revenue for such calendar month as its commission with 
respect to its sales agency, programming and other duties hereunder. 
 
(b)   The Licensee Revenue Share shall be due and payable on the fifteenth 
(15th) day of each calendar month and shall be calculated with respect to 
the immediately preceding calendar month in accordance with Schedule 3.1.  
The Licensee Revenue Share shall be prorated for any partial calendar month 
during the Term.
 
ARTICLE IV
 
SCOPE OF SERVICES
 
Section 4.1       Sales and Related Services.  Except as expressly provided 
to the contrary herein, Station Licensee retains Sales Agent on an 
exclusive basis for the Term to market and sell all forms of regional and 
local spot advertising, sponsorships, direct response advertising, paid 
programming (including infomercials), and all long-form advertising 
broadcast on the Stations and all advertising on any Internet site 
maintained by or on behalf of the Stations during the Term (the 
Advertisements).  Subject to the  terms of Schedule 3.1, national spot 
advertising broadcast on the Stations shall continue to be sold by the 
Stations national rep firm as selected from time to time by Station 
Licensee.  Station Licensee shall provide to Sales Agent and its employees 
such information as Sales Agent may reasonably request to support the 
marketing and sale of the Advertisements and the collection of accounts 
receivable with respect thereto.  Sales Agent also shall be responsible for 
the Stations traffic, billing and collection functions for the 
Advertisements.  Sales Agent shall designate an adequate number of its 
personnel to perform such services for the Stations.  Sales Agent shall 
conduct the sales and traffic functions for the Stations in accordance with 
standard practice in the industry.  Sales Agent and Station Licensee shall 
periodically review the personnel needs and job functions of the persons 
designated by Sales Agent to perform its obligations under this Agreement 
and implement such changes as they mutually agree are appropriate.  
Revenues from the sale of the Advertisements shall be allocated between 
Sales Agent and Station Licensee as set forth in Section 3.  Sales Agent 
may sell the Advertisements in combination with any other broadcast 
stations of its choosing; provided, however, that under no circumstances 
may Sales Agent require advertisers to purchase time on the Stations and 
any other station together.  Subject to Section 4.3, the placement, 
duration and rates of the Advertisements shall be determined by Sales 
Agent.  The value of commercial time bartered in
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
exchange for programming shall be excluded from the definition of Net Sales 
Revenue.  Network compensation and retransmission fees payable in 
connection with the Stations shall be included in the computation of Net 
Sales Revenue.
 
Section 4.2       Delivered Programming.  Commencing on the Base Date, 
Sales Agent shall provide to the Station Licensee for broadcast, simulcast 
or rebroadcast on the Stations, as applicable, local news and other 
programming as described more particularly in Schedule 4.2 hereof (the 
Delivered Programming), which Delivered Programming shall be less than 25 
hours per week and less than 15% of the Stations broadcast hours for any 
week.  Sales Agent shall be responsible for obtaining the rights to 
broadcast the Delivered Programming on the Stations and for paying all 
costs incurred in obtaining such rights.  To the extent permission is 
required to rebroadcast any Delivered Programming under Section 325 of the 
Communications Act, Sales Agent hereby grants Station Licensee such 
permission.  The Delivered Programming shall be subject to Sales Agents 
editorial judgment and the requirements of Section 4.3, including but not 
limited to the right of rejection or preemption of Station Licensee.  All 
Delivered Programming shall be in conformity in all material respects with 
standards established by Station Licensee and consistent with similar 
programming broadcast on Sales Agents own television broadcast stations 
and shall otherwise conform to all Applicable Law, including the 
Communications Act, the FCC Rules and the intellectual property rights of 
third parties.   
 
Section 4.3       Content Policies.  All material furnished by Sales Agent 
for broadcast on the Stations, including all Delivered Programming and 
Advertisements (collectively, Broadcast Material) shall comply with 
applicable federal, state and local regulations and policies, including 
commercial limits in childrens programming.  Station Licensee shall have 
the right to preempt any Broadcast Material to present program material of 
greater local or national importance.  Station Licensee may reject any 
Broadcast Material if it reasonably determines that the broadcast of such 
material would violate Applicable Law or would otherwise be contrary to the 
public interest.  Station Licensee shall promptly notify Sales Agent of any 
such rejection, preemption, or rescheduling and shall cooperate with Sales 
Agent in efforts to fulfill commitments to advertisers and syndicators.  
Schedule 4.3 sets forth Station Licensees statement of policy (the 
Policy Statement) with regard to the Broadcast Material.  Sales Agent 
shall ensure that the Broadcast Materials are in compliance with the terms 
of this Agreement and the Policy Statement.
 
Section 4.4       Public Service Announcements. Sales Agent acknowledges 
that the Stations have in the past provided time on the Stations for the 
promotion of public service organizations in the form of public service 
announcements (PSAs), and agrees that it will release spot time to 
Station Licensee for the broadcast of PSAs at times and in amounts 
consistent with the Stations past practices and consistent with Sales 
Agents operating policies applicable to the broadcast of PSAs.  Station 
Licensee and Sales Agent shall cooperate in good faith concerning the 
placement of the PSAs to be broadcast on the Stations; provided, however, 
that Station Licensee shall be ultimately responsible for selecting, 
obtaining and scheduling PSAs for broadcast on the Stations.
 
Section 4.5       Trade and Barter Spots.  On or as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the Base Date, Station Licensee shall deliver to the 
Sales Agent a list, which is accurate and complete in all material 
respects, of all contracts for the sale of advertising time on the Stations 
for non-cash consideration that are in effect as of, and will extend 
beyond, the Base Date (Trade
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Agreements).  Sales Agent shall comply with and honor all such Trade 
Agreements, if and to the extent that Trade Agreement spots may be 
broadcast on a preemptible basis.  The dollar value of advertising time on 
the Stations provided to advertisers pursuant to Trade Agreements shall not 
be included in the computation and determination of Net Sales Revenue for 
purposes of this Agreement.  After the Base Date Sales Agent and Station 
Licensee shall have the right to enter into new contracts for the sale of 
Advertisements for non-cash consideration, provided that the parties agree 
to each such Trade Agreement and provided further that the dollar value of 
such advertising time on the Stations for such Trade Agreements shall be 
included in the computation and determination of Net Sales Revenue for 
purposes of this Agreement.  The parties shall mutually agree as to the use 
of the non-cash consideration received for each new Trade Agreement.  For 
purposes of this Section 4.5, the term Trade Agreement applies only to 
the bartering of advertising in return for goods and services other than 
programming.
 
Section 4.6       Accounts Receivable.  Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained herein, any accounts receivable or revenue received by 
Sales Agent in respect of the operation of the Stations during the period 
prior to the Base Date, in respect of which the Sellers received a credit 
to the purchase price under the Station Purchase Agreement or to which the 
Sellers are entitled pursuant to the Station Purchase Agreement, if any, 
shall not be included in Net Sales Revenue.
 
Section 4.7       Monthly Reports; Books and Records.  The following 
obligations shall begin on the first day of the first full calendar month 
beginning after the Base Date:
 
(a)   On or before the twentieth (20th) day of each calendar month during 
the Term, Sales Agent shall furnish Station Licensee with a report 
regarding Sales Agents sales by advertiser, of the Advertisements for the 
previous calendar month.  Without limiting Schedule 3.1 hereof, Station 
Licensee shall have the right to review the books and records of Sales 
Agent at reasonable times and upon reasonable notice, with respect to the 
sale of Advertisements and any other sales by Sales Agent in connection 
with or related to its sale of the Advertisements for the Stations.
 
(b)   Station Licensee shall furnish to Sales Agent information each month 
with respect to Station Expenses.   Upon reasonable prior notice, Sales 
Agent shall have the right at all reasonable times to review (and the 
right, at Sales Agents expense, to make copies of) the books and records 
of Station Licensee, provided that the foregoing access shall not interfere 
unreasonably with the Stations business.  
 
(c)   The audit and inspection rights of Sales Agent under this Section 4.7 
shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement for a period 
of two (2) years.
 
Section 4.8       Control.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this Agreement, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that during the 
Term, Station Licensee will maintain ultimate control and authority over 
the Stations, including, specifically, control and authority over the 
Stations operations, finances, personnel and programming.  Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, nothing contained in this 
Agreement shall be deemed to limit the control and authority of Station 
Licensee with respect to the selection, development and acquisition of any 
and all programming to be broadcast over the Stations, as well as the 
payment therefor, other than
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
those payments of Sales Agent associated with the Delivered Programming.  
To that end, Station Licensee shall (a) have exclusive authority for the 
negotiation, preparation, execution and implementation of any and all 
programming agreements for the Stations, and (b) retain and hire or utilize 
whatever employees Station Licensee reasonably deems appropriate or 
necessary to fulfill those programming functions.  Sales Agent shall not 
represent, warrant or hold itself out as the licensee of the Stations, and 
all sales material prepared by Sales Agent for the sale of advertising time 
on the Stations shall identify Station Licensee as the licensee of the 
Stations using mutually agreeable wording and references.  Sales Agent 
shall sell advertising time and enter into all agreements for the sale of 
time on the Stations and for the Delivered Programming in its own name.
 
ARTICLE V
 
OTHER OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
 
Section 5.1       Responsibilities of Station Licensee.  Station Licensee, 
at its expense, shall be responsible for and perform the following 
obligations with respect to the business and operations of the Stations 
during the Term, in accordance with and subject to the following 
provisions:
 
(a)   Station Licensee shall continue to maintain full control over the 
operations of the Stations, including programming editorial policies, 
employees of Station Licensee and Station Licensee-controlled facilities.  
Station Licensee shall be responsible for, and shall comply in all material 
respects with all applicable provisions of the Communications Act, the FCC 
Rules and all other Applicable Law with respect to the operation of the 
Stations.  Station Licensee shall file in a timely and complete manner all 
reports and applications required to be filed with the FCC or any other 
governmental body.
 
(b)   Station Licensee shall maintain in effect policies of insurance 
insuring the assets and the business of the Station in accordance with good 
industry practices.
 
(c)   Station Licensee shall use, operate, and maintain all of its assets 
in a commercially reasonable manner.  If any loss, damage, impairment, 
confiscation or condemnation of any of such assets occurs, Station Licensee 
shall use commercially reasonable efforts and cooperate with Sales Agent to 
repair, replace, or restore the assets to their prior condition as soon 
thereafter as possible, and Station Licensee shall use the proceeds of any 
claim under any insurance policy to repair, replace or restore any of the 
assets of the Stations that are lost, damaged, impaired or destroyed.
 
(d)   Station Licensee shall be responsible for payment of all operating 
costs of the Stations (excluding those costs to be borne by Sales Agent in 
accordance with Section 5.2), including the cost of electricity, other 
utilities and rental or other payments with respect to any real property 
leased by Station Licensee, taxes, the Services Fee (as defined in the 
Shared Services Agreement) and the salaries, insurance, and other costs for 
all personnel employed by Station Licensee and, without limiting the 
foregoing, shall pay all other Station Expenses.  Promptly following the 
Base Date, but in no event more than thirty (30) days thereafter, Station 
Licensee shall provide Sales Agent copies of the operating budgets of the 
Stations (collectively, the
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Operating Budget), which shall reflect Station Licensees good faith 
budget of reasonable and customary capital and other expenses necessary to 
the operations of the Stations and not otherwise contemplated by the 
Designated Expenses, as determined by Station Licensee in its sole 
discretion.  Station Licensee shall provide updated copies of the Operating 
Budget each year during the Term, identifying adjustments from year to 
year. 
 
(e)   Subject to the Obligations of Sales Agent, Station Licensee shall pay 
when due all music rights payments (including, without limitation, music 
performance rights, synchronization rights, and master use rights), if any, 
in connection with the broadcast and/or transmission of all announcements, 
including the Advertisements, and programming on the Stations, other than 
the Delivered Programming.
 
(f)   Station Licensee shall be solely responsible for all costs and 
expenditures associated with the procuring of programming to be aired on 
the Stations, other than those associated with the Delivered Programming.  
Station Licensee shall pay over to Sales Agent all funds received by 
Station Licensee each year from the Network and any other program 
syndicator or supplier for promotion of the Network and other programming 
on other stations or media, and Sales Agent shall use all such funds solely 
for their intended promotional or other similar purposes and in accordance 
with Section 4(b) of the Shared Services Agreement.  Station Licensee shall 
cooperate with Sales Agent in filing any necessary forms or reports 
required to obtain co-op reimbursement or other funds to which Sales Agent 
is entitled under this Section 5.1(f).  For the purposes of Schedule 3.1 
hereof, Sales Agents receipt of promotional or co-op payments identified 
in this Section 5.1(f) shall not be considered a part of Net Sales Revenue 
and its expenditures of such promotional or co-op payments shall not be 
considered an expense for purposes of calculating Net Sales Revenue.  To 
the extent that any network or program service agreement of Station 
Licensee provides that, in exchange for cash payment, additional spot time 
that otherwise would be used by such network or program service may be 
released for local sales by the Stations, Station Licensee, upon request by 
the Sales Agent, will obtain the release of such commercial spot inventory 
for the placement of Advertisements by the Sales Agent, subject to Sales 
Agent paying to Station Licensee the cash amount required for such release.
 
(g)   Subject to the provisions of any network affiliation or other 
programming agreement to which Station Licensee is a party, Station 
Licensee shall consult and cooperate with Sales Agent in the negotiation, 
maintenance and enforcement of retransmission consent agreements with 
cable, satellite and other multichannel video providers.  Station Licensee, 
in consultation with Sales Agent, shall exercise its rights to mandatory 
carriage and retransmission consent for cable television and other 
multichannel video providers in a manner that ensures the maximum possible 
distribution of the Stations signal on cable, direct-broadcast-satellite 
and other multichannel video programming distributors serving communities 
located in the Market.
 
(h)   Station Licensee shall not take any action or unreasonably omit to 
take any action that would be reasonably likely to result in a (i) 
revocation, non-renewal or material impairment of the FCC Licenses, (ii) 
material adverse effect upon the Stations transmitters, antennae and other 
material assets included in the Stations transmission facilities or (iii) 
material breach or default under the terms of any of the agreements to 
which Station Licensee is a party on and as of the date hereof.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(i)   Station Licensee shall list Sales Agent as the exclusive sales 
representative for the Advertisements in all applicable trade listings and 
advertising and promotional material if and when such listings and material 
are published by Station Licensee. 
 
(j)   To the extent permitted under the terms of any applicable agreement, 
Station Licensee shall provide to Sales Agent such routine ratings 
information and ratings reports with respect to the Stations as are 
customarily prepared or obtained by the Stations in the ordinary course of 
business as Sales Agent may reasonably request from time to time.  Except 
as otherwise agreed by the parties hereto, Station Licensee shall maintain 
(including timely payment of all fees) any agreements with A.C. Nielsen 
Company or its affiliates or other ratings information providers 
customarily used by the Stations as a source of local station research 
information for the Stations (collectively, the Ratings Agencies).  At 
Sales Agents request, Station Licensee shall use its commercially 
reasonable efforts to assist Sales Agent in obtaining from the Ratings 
Agencies permission to use the Stations ratings information and reports in 
connection with the sale of the Advertisements.
 
(k)   During the Term, Station Licensee shall not:  (i) engage in any 
business other than the business of owning and operating the Stations; (ii
) incur any liabilities or obligations, except those liabilities and 
obligations incurred in connection with its business conducted in 
compliance with clause (i) of this Section 5.1(k); (iii) incur any 
indebtedness for borrowed money, including guaranteeing or becoming a 
surety with respect to the indebtedness of another Person; (iv) file a 
voluntary petition in bankruptcy, any petition or answer seeking for itself 
any reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment of debt, 
liquidation or dissolution or similar relief under any present or future 
insolvency statute, law or regulation of any jurisdiction; petition or 
apply to any tribunal for any receiver, custodian or any trustee for 
substantially all of its properties or assets; file any answer to any such 
petition admitting or not contesting the material allegations of any such 
petition sufficient to support the grant or approval of any such order, 
judgment or decree; seek, approve or consent to any such proceeding or in 
the appointment of any trustee, receiver, sequestrator, custodian, 
liquidator or fiscal agent for it or substantially all of its properties or 
assets; or take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the 
foregoing; or be the subject of an order entered appointing any such 
trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator or fiscal agent, or (v) amend or 
modify any provision of that certain Agreement by and between Station 
Licensee and Tucker Media and Management Consulting L.L.C., as its sole 
shareholder, dated as of the date hereof (the Tucker Management Agreement
).
 
(l)   During the Term, Station Licensee shall cooperate with Sales Agent 
and, upon request by Sales Agent, use commercially reasonable efforts to 
assist Sales Agent in making and prosecuting any claims for indemnification 
pursuant to the Station Purchase Agreement relating to any assets of the 
Stations owned, leased or held by Station Licensee which are or may be 
subject to claims under the Station Purchase Agreement, and Sales Agent 
shall reimburse Station Licensee for reasonable costs and expenses in 
connection with any such cooperation afforded pursuant to this Section 
5.1(l). 
 
(m)   During the Term, Station Licensee shall provide to Sales Agent upon 
the written request of Sales Agent (but no more often than once each fiscal 
quarter) a true and accurate listing of the outstanding equity interests of 
Station Licensee and the holders thereof.  Station Licensee acknowledges 
that Sales Agent may provide such information to its lenders.  
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 5.2       Responsibilities of Sales Agent.  Sales Agent, at its 
expense and subject to the provisions of Schedule 3.1, shall be responsible 
for and perform the following obligations with respect to the marketing and 
sale of the Advertisements during the Term in accordance with and subject 
to the following provisions:
 
(a)   Sales Agent shall be solely responsible for (i) all commissions to 
its employees, agencies or representatives and other expenses incurred in 
its marketing and sale of the Advertisements; (ii) all expenses incurred in 
its performance of traffic, billing and collections functions with respect 
to the Advertisements;  (iii) any other fees incurred in performing its 
obligations under this Agreement; and (iv) all fees related to the software 
used for sales, traffic, billing and similar functions including any fees 
charged by the provider to make Sales Agents software interface in the 
most efficient manner with the Stations master control equipment.
 
(b)   Sales Agent shall be solely responsible for the salaries, taxes and 
related costs for all personnel employed by Sales Agent in the sale of the 
Advertisements and the collection of accounts receivable (including 
salespeople, billing personnel and traffic personnel).
 
(c)   Sales Agent shall cooperate with Station Licensee and use 
commercially reasonable efforts to assist Station Licensee in complying 
with the provisions of the Communications Act and FCC Rules regarding 
political advertising, including compliance with Station Licensees 
statement disclosing political advertising rates and practices for 
purchasers of political advertising consistent with Applicable Law (
Disclosure Statement).  Sales Agent shall supply such information promptly 
to Station Licensee as may be necessary to comply with the public 
inspection file, lowest unit rate, equal opportunities and reasonable 
access requirements of the Communications Act and FCC Rules.  If the 
Stations fail to meet the political time obligations under the 
Communications Act and FCC Rules based on the advertising sold by Sales 
Agent, then, to the extent reasonably necessary to enable Station Licensee 
to cause the Stations to comply with such political time obligations, Sales 
Agent shall release advertising availabilities to Station Licensee; 
provided, however, that all revenues realized by Station Licensee from the 
sale of such advertising time shall be immediately paid to Sales Agent and 
shall be considered a part of its Net Sales Revenue.
 
(d)   All Broadcast Material shall comply in all material respects with the 
Policy Statement, the Communications Act, the FCC Rules and other 
Applicable Law and shall not violate the intellectual property rights of 
any Person.  All services to be provided and all obligations to be 
performed by Sales Agent hereunder shall comply in all material respects 
with all Applicable Law, including without limitation the Communications 
Act and FCC Rules, and standards of performance customary for the broadcast 
television industry.
 
Section 5.3       Delivery of Broadcast Material.  All Broadcast Material 
shall be delivered to the Stations in a format to be mutually agreed upon 
by the parties hereto, in a form ready for broadcast on the Stations 
existing playback equipment, and with quality suitable for broadcast.  
Station Licensee shall not be required to provide production services or to 
copy, reformat or otherwise manipulate material furnished by Sales Agent 
other than inserting tape cartridges or similar broadcast-ready media into 
machinery or computers for broadcast.
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 5.4       Provision of Office Space.  Station Licensee shall 
provide to employees and agents of Sales Agent and its Affiliates the right 
to access and use space designated for Sales Agents use in the Stations 
studio buildings (the Premises) as reasonably necessary for Sales Agents 
performance of the Obligations of Sales Agent under this Agreement, so long 
as the provision of such space does not unreasonably interfere with the 
conduct of the business or operations of the Stations.  When on the 
Premises, Sales Agents personnel shall be subject to the reasonable 
direction and control of the management personnel of Station Licensee.  
Station Licensee shall make available to Sales Agent for use without fee or 
charge all facilities and equipment of the Stations.
 
Section 5.5       Access to Information.  In order to ensure compliance 
with the Communications Act, the FCC Rules and other Applicable Law, 
Station Licensee shall be entitled to review at its reasonable discretion 
from time to time any Broadcast Material that Station Licensee may 
reasonably request.  Sales Agent also shall maintain and deliver to the 
Stations such records and information required by the FCC Rules to be 
placed in the public inspection files of the Stations pertaining to the 
sale of political programming and advertisements, in accordance with the 
provisions of Sections 73.1940 and 73.3526 of the FCC Rules, and to the 
sale of sponsored programming addressing political issues or controversial 
issues of public importance, in accordance with the provisions of Section 
73.1212 of the FCC Rules.  Sales Agent shall furnish to Station Licensee 
upon request any other information that is reasonably necessary to enable 
Station Licensee to prepare any records or reports required by the FCC or 
other governmental entities.  Nothing in this Section 5.5 shall entitle 
Station Licensee to review the internal corporate or financial records of 
Sales Agent.  Station Licensee shall keep confidential any information 
obtained from Sales Agent in connection with this Agreement, except as and 
to the extent required by Applicable Law.  If this Agreement is terminated, 
Station Licensee shall return to Sales Agent all information obtained by it 
from Sales Agent in connection with this Agreement.  This Section 5.5 shall 
survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement for a period of 
three (3) years.
 
Section 5.6       Noncompete. Station Licensee covenants and agrees, on 
behalf of itself and its Affiliates, that during the Term, neither it nor 
any or its Affiliates will, without the prior written consent of Sales 
Agent, directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, control, or engage or 
participate in the ownership, management, operation, or control of, or be 
connected as a shareholder, partner, or joint venturer with, any business 
or organization which engages in the business of television broadcasting 
within the Market, other than the Stations.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the ownership of an equity interest of five percent (5%) or less of a 
publicly traded company that does not otherwise constitute control over 
such company shall not be prohibited.
 
ARTICLE VI
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF STATION LICENSEE
 
Station Licensee represents and warrants to Sales Agent as follows:
 
Section 6.1       Authorization and Binding Obligation.  The execution, 
delivery, and performance of this Agreement by Station Licensee has been 
duly authorized by all necessary organizational action on the part of 
Station Licensee.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by 
Station Licensee and constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation 
of it,
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms except as the 
enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent 
transfer, reorganization, moratorium, insolvency, reorganization, or other 
similar laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors 
rights or by general principles of equity limiting the availability of 
equitable remedies.
 
Section 6.2       Absence of Conflicting Agreements or Consents.  The 
execution, delivery, and performance by Station Licensee of this Agreement 
and the documents contemplated hereby (with or without the giving of 
notice, the lapse of time, or both): (a) will not conflict with the 
organizational documents of Station Licensee; (b) to the actual knowledge 
of Station Licensee, does not conflict with, result in a breach of, or 
constitute a default under any law, judgment, order, ordinance, injunction, 
decree, rule, regulation, or ruling of any court or governmental 
instrumentality applicable to Station Licensee, (c) does not conflict with, 
constitute grounds for termination of, result in a breach of, constitute a 
default under, or accelerate or permit the acceleration of any performance 
required by the terms of any agreement, instrument, license, or permit to 
which Station Licensee is a party or by which it is bound as of the date 
hereof; and (d) will not create any claim, lien, charge, or encumbrance 
upon any of the assets of the Stations owned by Station Licensee, other 
than any lien for current taxes, payments of which are not yet due and 
payable, or liens in respect of pledges or deposits under workers 
compensation laws or similar legislation, carriers, warehousemens, 
mechanics, laborers and materialmens and similar liens, if the 
obligations secured by such liens are not then delinquent or are being 
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings.
 
ARTICLE VII
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SALES AGENT
 
Sales Agent represents and warrants to Station Licensee as follows:
 
Section 7.1       Authorization and Binding Obligation.  The execution, 
delivery, and performance of this Agreement by Sales Agent have been duly 
authorized by all necessary organizational action on the part of such 
party.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Sales Agent 
and constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of such party, 
enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms except as the 
enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent 
transfer, reorganization, moratorium, insolvency, reorganization or other 
similar laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors 
rights or by general principles of equity limiting the availability of 
equitable remedies.
 
Section 7.2       Absence of Conflicting Agreements and Required Consents.  
The execution, delivery, and performance by Sales Agent of this Agreement 
and the documents contemplated hereby (with or without the giving of 
notice, the lapse of time, or both):  (a) will not conflict with the 
governing documents of Sales Agent; (b) to the actual knowledge of Sales 
Agent, does not conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute a 
default under, any law, judgment, order, ordinance, injunction, decree, 
rule, regulation, or ruling of any court or governmental instrumentality 
applicable to such party; and (c) does not conflict with, constitute 
grounds for termination of, result in a breach of, constitute a default 
under, or accelerate or permit the acceleration of any performance required 
by the terms of, any agreement, instrument, license or permit to which 
Sales Agent is a party or by which it is bound as of the date hereof.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE VIII
 
INDEMNIFICATION AND REMEDIES
 
Section 8.1       By Sales Agent. Sales Agent shall, jointly and severally, 
indemnify, defend and hold harmless Station Licensee and any employee, 
director, member, manager, officer, stockholder, or agent of Station 
Licensee, or any of its Affiliates, successors or assignees (exclusive of 
Sales Agent and its Affiliates and agents) (each, a Station Indemnified 
Party), from and against, and reimburse and pay to such Station 
Indemnified Party as incurred, any loss, liability, damage or expense 
(including reasonable legal expenses and costs and any cost or expense 
arising from or incurred in connection with any action, suit, proceeding, 
claim or judgment) relating to any matter described in this Section 8.1, or 
in enforcing the indemnity provided by this Section 8.1 (any such amount 
being a Loss), which any such Station Indemnified Party may suffer, 
sustain or become subject to, in any way arising from, relating to, or as a 
result of:
 
(a)   any act or omission, event or occurrence that was or shall be caused 
by Sales Agent, its agents or Affiliates (including any predecessor in 
interest thereto) relating to the business of Sales Agent or the Stations;
 
(b)   any omission by Sales Agent or breach by Sales Agent (including any 
predecessor in interest to Sales Agent) of any of its obligations 
hereunder; or
 
(c)   any Broadcast Material.
 
The obligations of Sales Agent under this Section 8.1 shall survive any 
termination or expiration of this Agreement. The obligations of Sales Agent 
under this Section 8.1 shall be direct and not conditioned or conditional 
upon Station Licensees pursuit of remedies against any other party, 
including the Sellers pursuant to the Station Purchase Agreement, and 
irrespective of Station Licensees rights under the Station Purchase 
Agreement, Station Licensee shall have the right to elect to proceed 
against Sales Agent in the first instance without any requirement to first 
proceed against the Sellers or any such third party.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event 
shall Sales Agent be liable under this Section 8.1 for punitive, treble, 
exemplary, consequential, special or other damages that are not actual 
damages in accordance with Applicable Law.
 
Section 8.2       By Station Licensee. Except with respect to or to the 
extent of any Loss subject to indemnification pursuant to the terms and 
subject to the conditions of Section 8.1 and subject to the limitations set 
forth in Section 11(b) of the Shared Services Agreement, Station Licensee 
shall, jointly and severally, indemnify, defend and hold harmless Sales 
Agent and any employee, director, member, manager, officer, stockholder or 
agent of Sales Agent, or any of its Affiliates, successors or assignees 
(each, a Sales Agent Indemnified Party) from and against, and reimburse 
and pay to such Sales Agent Indemnified Party, as incurred, any Loss, which 
any such Sales Agent Indemnified Party may suffer, sustain or become 
subject to, in any way arising from, relating to, or as a result of:
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(a)   any libel, slander, illegal competition or trade practice, 
infringement of trademarks, trade names, or program titles, violation of 
rights of privacy, and infringement of copyrights and proprietary rights 
resulting from or relating to all material broadcast on the Station 
following the Base Date other than the Broadcast Material and with respect 
to which Station Licensee had notice or otherwise should have been 
reasonably aware; and
 
(b)   the actions or omissions of Station Licensees employees and 
representatives in performing their duties under this Agreement or in 
acting outside the scope of their employment, which actions or omissions 
constitute willful misconduct or gross negligence.
 
Section 8.3       Procedure.
 
(a)   If any Person entitled to indemnification under this Agreement (an 
Indemnified Party) asserts a claim for indemnification for, or receives 
notice of the assertion or commencement of any Third Party Claim as to 
which such Indemnified Party intends to seek indemnification under this 
Agreement, such Indemnified Party shall give reasonably prompt written 
notice of such claim to the party from whom indemnification is to be sought 
(an Indemnifying Party), together with a statement of any available 
information regarding such claim. The Indemnifying Party shall have the 
right, upon written notice to the Indemnified Party (the Defense Notice) 
within fifteen (15) days after receipt from the Indemnified Party of notice 
of such claim, to conduct at its expense the defense against such Third 
Party Claim in its own name, or if necessary in the name of the Indemnified 
Party (which notice shall specify the counsel the Indemnifying Party will 
appoint to defend such claim (Defense Counsel); provided, however, that 
the Indemnified Party shall have the right to approve the Defense Counsel, 
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The parties 
hereto agree to cooperate fully with each other in connection with the 
defense, negotiation or settlement of any Third Party Claim. If the 
Indemnifying Party delivers a Defense Notice to the Indemnified Party, the 
Indemnified Party will cooperate with and make available to the 
Indemnifying Party such assistance and materials as may be reasonably 
requested by the Indemnifying Party, all at the expense of the Indemnifying 
Party.
 
(b)   If the Indemnifying Party shall fail to give a Defense Notice, it 
shall be deemed to have elected not to conduct the defense of the subject 
Third Party Claim, and in such event the Indemnified Party shall have the 
right to conduct such defense in good faith. If the Indemnified Party 
defends any Third Party Claim, then the Indemnifying Party shall reimburse 
the Indemnified Party for the costs and expenses of defending such Third 
Party Claim upon submission of periodic bills. If the Indemnifying Party 
elects to conduct the defense of the subject Third Party Claim, the 
Indemnified Party may participate, at his or its own expense, in the 
defense of such Third Party Claim; provided, however, that such Indemnified 
Party shall be entitled to participate in any such defense with separate 
counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party if (i) so requested by the 
Indemnifying Party to participate or (ii) in the reasonable opinion of 
counsel to the Indemnified Party, a conflict or potential conflict exists 
between the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party that would make 
such separate representation advisable; and provided, further, that the 
Indemnifying Party shall not be required to pay for more than one counsel 
for all Indemnified Parties in connection with any Third Party Claim.
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)   Regardless of which party defends a Third Party Claim, the other 
party shall have the right at its expense to participate in the defense of 
such Third Party Claim, assisted by counsel of its own choosing. The 
Indemnified Party shall not compromise, settle, default on, or admit 
liability with respect to a Third Party Claim without the prior written 
consent of the Indemnifying Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed, and, if the Indemnified Party settles, compromises, 
defaults on, or admits liability with respect to a Third Party Claim except 
in compliance with the foregoing, the Indemnified Party will be liable for 
all Losses paid or incurred in connection therewith and the Indemnifying 
Party shall have no obligation to indemnify the Indemnified Party with 
respect thereto. The Indemnifying Party shall not compromise or settle a 
Third Party Claim without the consent of the Indemnified Party, which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, unless such 
compromise or settlement includes as a term thereof an unconditional 
release of the Indemnified Party and such compromise or release does not 
impose any non-monetary obligations on the Indemnified Party other than 
immaterial administrative obligations (and all monetary obligations are 
subject to the indemnification provisions of this Agreement), in which case 
the consent of the Indemnified Party shall not be required.
 
(d)   After any final decision, judgment or award shall have been rendered 
by a court or governmental entity of competent jurisdiction and the 
expiration of the time in which to appeal therefrom, or after a settlement 
shall have been consummated, or after the Indemnified Party and the 
Indemnifying Party shall have arrived at a mutually binding agreement with 
respect to a Third Party Claim hereunder, the Indemnified Party shall 
deliver to the Indemnifying Party notice of any sums due and owing by the 
Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Agreement with respect to such matter 
and the Indemnifying Party shall be required to pay all of the sums so due 
and owing to the Indemnified Party by wire transfer of immediately 
available funds within ten (10) business days after the date of such 
notice.
 
(e)   It is the intent of the parties that all direct claims by an 
Indemnified Party against a party not arising out of Third Party Claims 
shall be subject to and benefit from the terms of this Section 8.3. Any 
claim under this Section 8.3 by an Indemnified Party for indemnification 
other than indemnification against a Third Party Claim (a Direct Claim) 
will be asserted by giving the Indemnifying Party reasonably prompt written 
notice thereof, and the Indemnifying Party will have a period of 20 days 
within which to satisfy such Direct Claim. If the Indemnifying Party does 
not so respond within such 20 day period, the Indemnifying Party will be 
deemed to have rejected such claim, in which event the Indemnified Party 
will be free to pursue such remedies as may be available to the Indemnified 
Party under this Section 8.
 
(f)   A failure by an Indemnified Party to give timely, complete, or 
accurate notice as provided in this Section 8.3 shall not affect the rights 
or obligations of either party hereunder except to the extent that, as a 
result of such failure, any party entitled to receive such notice was 
deprived of its right to recover any payment under its applicable insurance 
coverage or was otherwise materially adversely affected or damaged as a 
result of such failure to give timely, complete, and accurate notice.
 
(g)   The parties shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to 
collect the proceeds of any insurance that would have the effect of 
reducing any Losses (in which case such proceeds shall reduce such Losses). 
To the extent any Losses of an Indemnified Party are reduced
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
by receipt of payment under insurance policies or from third parties not 
affiliated with the Indemnified Party, such payments (net of the expenses 
of the recovery thereof) shall be credited against such Losses and, if 
indemnification payments shall have been received prior to the collection 
of such proceeds, the Indemnified Party shall remit to the Indemnifying 
Party the amount of such proceeds (net of the cost of collection thereof) 
to the extent of indemnification payments received in respect of such 
Losses. The indemnification obligations hereunder shall survive any 
termination of this Agreement.
 
Section 8.4       Services Unique. The parties hereby agree that the 
services to be provided by the parties under this Agreement are unique and 
that substitutes therefor cannot be purchased or acquired in the open 
market. For that reason, the parties would be irreparably damaged in the 
event of a material breach of this Agreement by the another party. 
Accordingly, to the extent permitted by the Communications Act and the FCC 
Rules then in effect, the parties may request that a decree of specific 
performance be issued by a court of competent jurisdiction, enjoining the 
another party to observe and to perform such other partys covenants, 
conditions, agreements and obligations hereunder, and the parties hereby 
agree neither to oppose nor to resist the issuance of such a decree on the 
grounds that there may exist an adequate remedy at law for any material 
breach of this Agreement.
 
Section 8.5       Exclusivity. After the Base Date, the indemnification 
provided by this Section 8 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of either 
of Sales Agent and Station Licensee against the other party hereto for any 
claim arising out of a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or 
agreement herein or otherwise in connection with this Agreement; provided, 
that this Section 8.5 shall not prohibit (a) injunctive relief (including 
specific performance) pursuant to Section 8.4 or if available under 
Applicable Law or (b) any other remedy available at law or in equity for 
any fraud committed in connection with this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE IX
 
MISCELLANEOUS
 
Section 9.1       No Partnership or Joint Venture. This Agreement is not 
intended to be, and shall not be construed as, an agreement to form a 
partnership or a joint venture between the parties. Except as otherwise 
specifically provided in this Agreement, no party shall be authorized to 
act as an agent of or otherwise to represent any other party hereto.
 
Section 9.2       Confidentiality. Each party hereto agrees that it will 
not at any time during or after the termination of this Agreement disclose 
to others or use, except as duly authorized in connection with the conduct 
of the business or the rendering of services hereunder, any secret or 
confidential information of the other parties. To the extent required by 
the Communications Act and FCC Rules, each party shall place a copy of this 
Agreement in its public inspection file and shall consult with the other 
party and agree upon the confidential and proprietary information herein 
that shall be redacted from such copy.
 
Section 9.3       Assignment; Benefit; Binding Effect. No party may assign 
this Agreement or delegate its obligations under this Agreement without the 
prior written consent of the other parties. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained herein, (a) Sales Agent may assign its
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
rights and obligations under this Agreement to any successor in interest as 
the operator or licensee of television broadcast stations WPBN(TV) and 
WTOM(TV) or purchaser of all or substantially all of the assets of such 
stations (each a Sales Agent Assignee) upon written notice to Station 
Licensee; provided, however, that such Sales Agent Assignee shall also 
assume the rights and obligations of the Option Holder (as defined in the 
Option Agreement) under the Option Agreement, and provided that Sales 
Agent, as assignor, shall guarantee, and remain responsible for, the full 
and complete performance of its Sales Agent Assignee and any subsequent 
assignee of Sales Agent Assignee and (b) Station Licensee shall assign this 
Agreement and all of its rights and obligations hereunder to any Person to 
which the FCC Licenses are transferred or assigned with the prior written 
consent of Sales Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, 
provided that as a condition to such transfer or assignment (i) this 
Agreement, the Shared Services Agreement, the Option Agreement and all of 
Station Licensees rights and obligations hereunder and thereunder are 
assigned to such Person, which assignments are to be effective 
simultaneously, (ii) such Person is legally and financially qualified to be 
the holder of the FCC Licenses and (iii) such Person executes and delivers 
to the Sales Agent an instrument in form and substance reasonably 
acceptable to Sales Agent, accepting such assignments of this Agreement, 
the Shared Services Agreement, the Option Agreement and the rights and 
obligations of Station Licensee hereunder and thereunder and agreeing to 
pay, discharge and perform the obligations and liabilities of Station 
Licensee hereunder and thereunder in accordance with the terms hereof and 
thereof and such other documents and instruments as Sales Agent may 
reasonably request. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted 
assigns. Any permitted assignee of a party hereto shall be a party to this 
Agreement for all purposes hereof.
 
Section 9.4       Force Majeure. Any delay or interruption in the broadcast 
operation of the Stations, in whole or in part, due to acts of God, 
strikes, lockouts, material or labor restrictions, governmental action, 
riots, natural disasters or any other cause not reasonably within the 
control of a party shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement, and no 
party shall be liable to any other party for any liability or obligation 
with respect thereto.
 
Section 9.5       Further Assurances. The parties hereto shall take any 
actions and execute any other documents that may be necessary or desirable 
to the implementation and consummation of this Agreement.
 
Section 9.6       Press Release. No party hereto shall publish any press 
release, make any other public announcement or otherwise communicate with 
any news media concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated 
hereby without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto; 
provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall prevent any party 
from promptly making all filings with governmental authorities as may, in 
its judgment, be required or advisable in connection with the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated hereby.
 
Section 9.7       Unenforceability. If one or more provisions of this 
Agreement or the application thereof to any Person or circumstances shall 
be invalid or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement 
and the application of such provisions to other Persons or circumstances 
shall not be affected thereby and shall be enforced to the greatest extent 
permitted by Applicable Law, except that, if such invalidity or 
unenforceability should change the basic
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
economic positions of the parties hereto, they shall negotiate in good 
faith such changes in other terms as shall be practicable in order to 
restore them to their prior positions. In the event that the FCC alters or 
modifies its rules or policies in a fashion which would raise substantial 
and material questions as to the validity of any provision of this 
Agreement, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to revise any such 
provision of this Agreement in an effort to comply with all applicable FCC 
Rules while attempting to preserve the intent of the parties as embodied in 
the provisions of this Agreement. The parties hereto agree that, upon the 
request of either of them, they will join in requesting the view of the 
staff of the FCC, to the extent necessary, with respect to the revision of 
any provision of this Agreement in accordance with the foregoing.
 
Section 9.8       Notices. All notices, demands, and requests required or 
permitted to be given under the provisions of this Agreement shall be (a) 
in writing, (b) delivered by personal delivery, or sent by commercial 
delivery service or registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, 
(c) deemed to have been given on the date of personal delivery or the date 
set forth in the records of the delivery service or on the return receipt, 
and (d) addressed as set forth on Schedule 9.8.
 
Section 9.9       Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed and 
governed in accordance with the laws of New York without reference to the 
conflict of laws principles thereof.
 
Section 9.10     Captions. The captions in this Agreement are for 
convenience only and shall not be considered a part of, or effect the 
construction or interpretation of any provision of, this Agreement.
 
Section 9.11     Gender and Number. Words used herein, regardless of the 
gender and number specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to 
include any other gender, masculine, feminine, or neuter, and any other 
number, singular or plural, as the context requires.
 
Section 9.12     Counterparts and Facsimile Signatures. This Agreement may 
be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an 
original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. This Agreement shall be legally binding and effective upon 
delivery of facsimile signatures.
 
Section 9.13     Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the attachments and 
Schedules hereto (which are hereby incorporated by reference and made a 
part hereof), [the Assignment and Assumption Agreement], the Shared 
Services Agreement, the Option Agreement and the letter agreement dated as 
of the date hereof from Sales Agent to Station Licensee (the Letter 
Agreement), when executed and delivered by the parties thereto, 
collectively represent the entire understanding and agreement among the 
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and 
supersede all prior agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof 
and thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or 
in any of the other Transaction Documents and, without limiting any of the 
other rights or remedies of the parties hereunder or under any of the 
Transaction Documents, the parties acknowledge and agree that Sales Agent 
may offset any amount owed by Station Licensee to Sales Agent pursuant to 
any of the Transaction Documents as a credit against any amount owed by 
Sales Agent to Station Licensee pursuant to any of the Transaction 
Documents. No term or provision hereof may be changed, modified, terminated 
or discharged (other than in accordance with its terms), in whole or
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
in part, except by a writing which is dated and signed by the parties 
hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions or conditions of this Agreement 
or of any of the rights, powers or privileges of a party hereto shall be 
effective or binding unless in writing and signed by the party claimed to 
have given or consented to such waiver.
 
Section 9.14     Other Definitional Provisions. The terms hereof, 
herein and hereunder and terms of similar import will refer to this 
Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. 
Section references contained in this Agreement are references to Sections 
in this Agreement, unless otherwise specified. Each defined term used in 
this Agreement has a comparable meaning when used in its plural or singular 
form. Each gender-specific term used in this Agreement has a comparable 
meaning whether used in a masculine, feminine or gender-neutral form. 
Whenever the term including is used in this Agreement (whether or not 
that term is followed by the phrase but not limited to or without 
limitation or words of similar effect) in connection with a listing of 
items within a particular classification, that listing will be interpreted 
to be illustrative only and will not be interpreted as a limitation on, or 
an exclusive listing of, the items within that classification.
 
 
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Joint Sales Agreement has been executed by the 
parties hereto effective as of the date first written above.
 
 
SALES AGENT:
 
 
 
Barrington Traverse City LLC
 
 
 
 
 
By:
  /s/ Paul M. McNicol
 
 
  
 Name: Paul M. McNicol
 
  
 Title: Senior Vice President/Secretary
 
 
 
 
 
STATION LICENSEE:
 
 
 
 
 
Tucker Broadcasting of Traverse City, Inc.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
  /s/ Benjamin W. Tucker
 
 
  
 Name: Benjamin W. Tucker
 
  
 Title: President
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE 3.1
 
I.              Net Sales Revenue.
 
A.            For purposes of this Agreement, the term Net Sales Revenue 
means (i) all gross revenue received by Sales Agent or Station Licensee for 
all Advertisements, less agency, buying service or other sales commissions 
paid to or withheld by an advertiser, agency or service, as the case may 
be, and (ii) any other amounts designated for inclusion in the calculation 
of Net Sales Revenue pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of 
this Agreement.
 
II.            Station Expenses; Payments.
 
A. In the event that due to the performance of the Stations and the 
resulting revenues of the Stations with respect to any given month during 
the Term, the total aggregate amount of Designated Expenses and Other 
Expenses exceeds the amount of the Licensee Revenue Share for such month, 
Sales Agent shall pay to Station Licensee the differential of such amounts. 
Any expenses incurred by Station Licensee that do not constitute Designated 
Expenses or Other Expenses (including obligations pursuant to a credit or 
loan facility that is not designated as an Acquisition Financing 
Arrangement as provided below) shall remain solely the obligation of 
Station Licensee.
 
B. For purposes of this Agreement:
 
(a)           Designated Expenses shall mean the sum of the actual 
out-of-pocket payments and expenses of Station Licensee for the following: 
(i) utilities associated with the Stations transmitting facilities 
together with all other expenses, including rental payments, payable by 
Station Licensee under any lease for real property on which the Stations 
are located or used exclusively for the operation of the Stations, (ii) 
salaries for up to two of the Stations full-time employees, one of which 
shall be the station manager and hourly rates for accounting and human 
resource services, all at reasonable and customary rates for such employees 
or services, (iii) expenses related to maintenance and filings with respect 
to the FCC Licenses in respect of the Stations and other expenses of 
compliance with FCC Rules and other Applicable Law in connection with the 
operation of the Stations, including reasonable and customary attorneys 
fees of Station Licensee incurred in connection therewith, (iv) property 
taxes on any real property, personal property and leased property on which 
the Stations are located or used exclusively for the operation of the 
Stations, (v) in the event that Station Licensee shall have elected to 
borrow the purchase price with respect to its acquisition under the Station 
Purchase Agreement (pursuant to the Assignment and Assumption Agreement) 
pursuant to a credit agreement or other financing arrangement contemplated 
by that certain Commitment Letter, dated as of August 31, 2007, from Banc 
of America Securities LLC, Wachovia Bank, National Association, Wachovia 
Capital Markets, LLC and CIT Lending Services Corporation in favor of 
Tucker Broadcasting of Traverse City, Inc., or any other financing 
arrangement provided by, or entered into with, Pilot Group L.P. or an 
Affiliate thereof (an Acquisition Financing
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Arrangement), the payments due by Station Licensee pursuant to such 
Acquisition Financing Arrangement, other than those payments due pursuant 
to such Acquisition Financing Agreement to the extent arising out of the 
failure of Station Licensee to make a timely payment thereunder for which 
Station Licensee had received timely payment hereunder or otherwise to the 
extent arising out of actions or omissions of Station Licensee in breach of 
such Acquisition Financing Arrangement (provided, that any payments under 
this clause shall be made directly to Station Licensee), (vi) premiums and 
other out-of-pockets costs and expenses relating to any insurance that 
Station Licensee is required to maintain pursuant to the terms of the 
Option Agreement, (vii) all music rights payments required to be paid by 
Station Licensee (including music performance rights, synchronization 
rights, and master use rights), in connection with the broadcast and/or 
transmission of all announcements and programming on the Stations, 
including the Advertisements (but excluding the Delivered Programming, 
which shall be the responsibility of Sales Agent), (viii) all payments for 
the acquisition or licensing of programming during the Term, including 
television network payments, (ix) payments or distributions pursuant to the 
Tucker Management Agreement, as in effect on the date hereof, (x) amounts 
payable under the Shared Services Agreement with Sales Agent, (xi) amounts 
payable under the lease agreements listed on Exhibit A attached hereto, and 
(xii) any costs or expense actually incurred by Station Licensee as a 
result of complying with its obligation to broadcast the Broadcast 
Material.
 
(b)           Other Expenses shall mean expenses that are reasonably 
necessary or customary in the operation and maintenance of the Stations, 
which have been consented to in advance by Sales Agent, provided that 
Station Licensee shall have no obligation under this Agreement to incur any 
Other Expenses in the absence of such consent and agreement to reimburse 
under this subparagraph (b).
 
C.            Station Expenses shall mean, collectively, Designated 
Expenses, Other Expenses, expenses in accordance with the Operating Budget, 
and any other expenses, distributions or payment obligations that are not 
contemplated by the Operating Budget.
 
D. In order to promote the administration of the payment obligations 
between the parties under this Agreement and the Shared Services Agreement 
(individually and collectively, the Principal Agreements), the parties 
agree that (i) the amounts due and payable by one party under any of the 
Principal Agreements may be offset against any outstanding payment 
obligation by the other party under any of the Principal Agreements; and (
ii) to the extent reasonably practicable, Sales Agent shall deliver to 
Station Licensee in connection with the payment of the Licensee Revenue 
Share a single statement reflecting the respective payment obligations of 
the parties under each of the Principal Agreements, which statement shall 
reflect any offsetting amounts.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE 4.2
 
SCHEDULE OF DELIVERED PROGRAMMING
 
Commencing on the Base Date, Sales Agent shall be permitted to provide the 
Delivered Programming in accordance with the terms and subject to the 
conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, the obligations of Station Licensee set forth in this Schedule 
4.2 shall be subject to Station Licensees rights under Sections 4.2, 4.3, 
4.4 and 4.8 of this Agreement.
 
At any time and from time to time following the Base Date, Sales Agent may 
designate by written notice to Station Licensee the days and times during 
which the Delivered Programming shall be broadcast on the Stations, and 
Station Licensee shall commence the broadcast of such Delivered Programming 
no later than 14 days following its receipt of such notice, so long as (i) 
the duration of such Delivered Programming, together with the duration of 
all other Delivered Programming broadcast on the applicable Station, does 
not exceed 15% of such Stations weekly broadcast schedule and (ii) the 
broadcast of such Delivered Programming during the days and times specified 
by Sales Agent does not conflict with the contractual obligations of 
Station Licensee.
 
At any time and from time to time following the Base Date, Sales Agent may 
designate, by written notice to Station Licensee, existing programming 
broadcast on the Stations that, effective upon receipt of such notice, 
shall constitute Delivered Programming for all purposes under this 
Agreement (such existing programming so designated by Sales Agent, the 
Converted Programming). At Sales Agents election, such notice may specify 
changes to the days and times during which such Converted Programming shall 
be broadcast on the Stations and Station Licensee shall broadcast such 
Converted Programming during the days and times specified by Sales Agent no 
later than 14 days following its receipt of such notice, so long as (i) the 
duration of such Converted Programming, together with the duration of all 
other Delivered Programming broadcast on the applicable Station, is less 
than 15% of such Stations weekly broadcast schedule and (ii) the broadcast 
of such Converted Programming during the days and times specified by Sales 
Agent does not conflict with the contractual obligations of Station 
Licensee. Subject to receipt of any required consent, Station Licensee 
shall assign to Sales Agent as promptly as practicable following receipt of 
Sales Agents written notice Station Licensees rights and interests in the 
Converted Programming. Station Licensee shall use commercially reasonable 
efforts to obtain the consent of any third parties required in connection 
with any such assignment.
 
If the FCC changes its rules or policies in a manner that allows Sales 
Agent to provide Delivered Programming that exceeds 15% of the Stations 
broadcast hours for any week, at the request of Sales Agent, Station 
Licensee shall cooperate in good faith with Sales Agent to agree upon one 
or more additional time periods during which Sales Agent shall be permitted 
to provide additional Delivered Programming for broadcast on the Stations, 
but in no event shall the aggregate duration of all Delivered Programming, 
including such additional time periods, exceed the total amount of 
Delivered Programming as may be permitted by the FCC after giving effect to 
such change in the FCC Rules.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Upon no less than 14 days prior written notice from Sales Agent to Station 
Licensee, Sales Agent may change the date and times that the Delivered 
Programming shall be broadcast on the Stations and Station Licensee agrees 
to broadcast the Delivered Programming in accordance with such revised 
schedule.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE 4.3
 
POLICY STATEMENT FOR BROADCAST MATERIAL
 
Sales Agent agrees to cooperate with Station Licensee in the broadcasting 
of programs of high quality and, for this purpose, to observe the following 
policies in the preparation, writing, production and delivery of Broadcast 
Material.
 
CONTROVERSIAL ISSUE. Any discussion of controversial issues of public 
importance shall be reasonably balanced with the presentation of 
contrasting viewpoints in the course of overall programming; no attacks on 
the honesty, integrity, or like personal qualities of any person or group 
of persons shall be made; and Station programs (other than public forum or 
talk features) are not to be used as a forum for editorializing about 
individual candidates. If such events occur, Licensee may require that 
responsive programming be aired.
 
NO PLUGOLA OR PAYOLA. The mention of any business activity or plug for 
any commercial, professional, or other related endeavor, except where 
contained in an actual commercial message of a sponsor, is prohibited.
 
ELECTION PROCEDURES. At least ninety (90) days before the start of any 
primary or regular election campaign, Sales Agent will clear with Station 
Licensee the rate Sales Agent will charge for the time to be sold to 
candidates for public office and/or their supporters to make certain that 
the rate charged is in conformity with Applicable Law and Station 
Licensees policy.
 
PROGRAMMING PROHIBITIONS. Sales Agent shall not knowingly broadcast any of 
the following programs or announcements:
 
        (a)  False Claims. False or unwarranted claims for any product or
        service.
         
        (b)  Unfair Imitation. Infringements of another advertisers rights
        through plagiarism or unfair imitation of either program idea or
        copy, or any other unfair competition.
         
        (c)  Commercial Disparagement. Any unlawful disparagement of
        competitors or competitive goods.
         
        (d)  Obscenity/Indecency/Profanity. Any programs or announcements
        that are obscene or indecent, as those terms are interpreted and
        applied by the FCC or any programs or announcements that are
        slanderous, obscene, profane, vulgar, repulsive or offensive,
        either in theme or treatment.
         
        (e)  Price Disclosure. Any price mentions except as permitted by
        Licensees policies current at the time.
         
        (f)  Unauthorized Testimonials. Any testimonials which cannot be
        authenticated.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (g)  Descriptions of Bodily Functions. Any continuity which
        describes in a repellent manner internal bodily functions or
        symptomatic results or internal disturbances, and no reference to
        matters which are not considered acceptable topics in social
        groups.
         
        (h)  Conflict Advertising. Any advertising matter or announcement
        which may, in the reasonable opinion of Station Licensee, be
        injurious or prejudicial to the interest of the public, the
        Stations, or honest advertising and reputable business in general.
         
        (i)  Fraudulent or Misleading Advertisement. Any advertisement
        matter, announcement, or claim which Sales Agent knows to be
        fraudulent, misleading, or untrue.
         
LOTTERIES. Announcements giving any information about lotteries or games 
prohibited by Applicable Law are prohibited.
 
RELIGIOUS PROGRAMMING RESTRICTIONS. The subject of religion and references 
to particular faiths, tenants, and customs shall be treated with respect at 
all times. Broadcast Material shall not be used as medium for attack on any 
faith, denomination, or sect or upon any individual or organization.
 
CREDIT TERMS ADVERTISING. Any advertising of credit terms shall be made 
over the Station in accordance with Applicable Law.
 
NO ILLEGAL ANNOUNCEMENTS. No announcements or promotion prohibited by 
Applicable Law shall be made over the Stations. At Station Licensees 
request, any game, contest, or promotion relating to or to be presented 
over the Stations must be fully stated and explained in advance to Station 
Licensee, which reserves the right in its sole discretion to reject any 
game, contest, or promotion.
 
LICENSEE DISCRETION PARAMOUNT. In accordance with the responsibilities of 
Station Licensee under the Communications Act and the FCC Rules, Station 
Licensee reserves the right to reject or terminate any Broadcast Material 
proposed to be presented or being presented over the Stations which is in 
conflict with the policy of Station Licensee or which in the reasonable 
judgment of Station Licensee would not serve the public interest.
 
PROGRAMMING IN WHICH SALES AGENT HAS A FINANCIAL INTEREST. Sales Agent 
shall advise Station Licensee with respect to any Broadcast Material 
concerning goods or services in which Sales Agent has a material financial 
interest. Any announcements for such goods and services for which Sales 
Agent charges less than its regular rate shall clearly identify Sales 
Agents financial interest.
 
MISCELLANEOUS.
 
(a)  Waiver. To the extent legally permissible, the parties may jointly 
waive any of the foregoing policies in specific instances if, in their 
opinion, good broadcasting in the public interest is served.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)  Prior Consent. In any case where questions of policy or interpretation 
arise, Sales Agent will attempt in good faith to submit the same to Station 
Licensee for decision before making any commitments in connection 
therewith.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE 9.8
 
NOTICES
 
                If to Station Licensee:
                 
    Tucker Broadcasting of Traverse City, Inc.
    Attention:  Ben Tucker, President
    9434 N. Sunset Ridge
    Fountain Hills, AZ 85268
    Phone:  (480)836-2181
    Email:  bentucker13@cox.net
     
    With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
     
    Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
    2300 N Street, NW
    Washington, DC 20037-1122
    Attention:  Clifford M. Harrington
    Phone:  202-663-8525
    Fax:  202-663-8007
     
     
            If to Sales Agent:
             
    Barrington Traverse City, LLC
45 Fifth Avenue
24th Floor
New York, NY  10151
    Attention:  Paul McNicol
    Fax:  (212) 486-2896
     
    with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
     
    Barrington Broadcasting LLC
    2500 West Higgins Road, Suite 880
    Hoffman Estates, IL 60195
    Attention:  K. James Yager
    Fax:  847-755-3045
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
       and
        
Covington & Burling
1201 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, DC 20004-2401
Attention:  Eric Dodson Greenberg, Esq.
Phone: (202) 662-5193
Fax: (202) 662-6291
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit A
 
1. Office Lease dated as of March 1, 2003 between Goldfinger, LLC, and 
Scanlan Communications, Inc., as amended by that certain Amendment and 
Assignment of Lease Agreement dated October 16, 2003 among Max Media of 
Traverse City LLC, Goldfinger, LLC and Scanlan Communications, Inc.
 
2.             Land Lease dated July 12, 2006 between CC Michigan, LLC 
d/b/a/ Charter Communications and Max Media of Traverse City LLC for land 
commonly known as Charter Communications Headend Site.
 
3.             Lease Agreement dated September 30, 1982 (as amended on 
March 1, 2003) between Seller and Ted Joubran for office space located at 
205 E. Front St., Traverse City, MI. As amended.
 
4.             Lease Agreement dated February 20, 2004 between Max Media of 
Traverse City LLC and H&N Storage Facilities LLC, d/b/a Silver Lake Self 
Storage for Space #0334, for an approximately 12x40 unit, located at 5215 
Curtis Road, Traverse City, MI.
 
5.             Storage Agreement dated January 16, 2004 between Seller and 
ProFile, LLC for document storage.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------