 EX-10.1 2 dex101.htm SUPPLY & LICENSE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.1


SUPPLY AND LICENSE AGREEMENT


This Agreement is made effective as of August 20, 2007 by and among 
Colloral LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Colloral), Bronson 
Laboratories, LLC a New York limited liability company, Futurebiotics, LLC, 
a New York limited liability company, and Jenasol LLC, a New York limited 
liability company.


1. DEFINITIONS

1.1. Bronson Companies means Bronson Laboratories LLC, Futurebiotics, LLC, 
and Jenasol LLC.


1.2. Bronson Company means any one of the Bronson Companies.


1.3. Bronson Representative means Steve Welling, COO, Futurebiotics, LLC


1.4. Commencement Date means September 1, 2007.


1.5. Confidential Information means business and technical information and 
other similar information, including, without limitation, the terms of this 
Agreement, communicated to one party by the other party in any manner in 
connection with this Agreement, whether before or during the term of this 
Agreement, but expressly excludes information that: (i) is or becomes 
generally available to the public, other than as a result of disclosure by 
the recipient party in violation of this Agreement; (ii) becomes available 
to the recipient party from a source other than the disclosing party; as 
long as such source is not itself bound by a confidentiality or 
non-disclosure agreement with the disclosing party or otherwise prohibited 
from disclosing such Confidential Information by a legal, contractual or 
fiduciary obligation; (iii) was rightfully in the recipient partys 
possession prior to receipt from the disclosing party; or (iv) is 
independently developed by the recipient party without the use of the 
disclosing party s Confidential Information.


1.6. Direct Response Channels means direct mail, telemarketing, direct 
response radio advertising, direct response television advertising, direct 
response magazine advertising, direct response newspaper advertising, but 
excludes, without limitation, catalogs and websites.


1.7. Effective Date means the date of this Agreement.


1.8. Futurebiotics Agreements means the Supply and License Agreement by and 
between Colloral and Futurebiotics, LLC dated effective January 10, 2007 
and the Supply and License Agreement by and between Colloral and 
Futurebiotics, LLC dated effective April 9, 2007.


1.9. Improvements means any findings, discoveries, inventions, additions, 
patents, know-how, modifications, formulations, or changes that relate to 
or are incorporated into the Product made during the term of this 
Agreement. Trademarks are specifically excluded from the definition of 
Improvements.
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.10. Intellectual Property means any invention, idea, concept, discovery, 
design, development, technique, methodology, innovation, process, formula, 
data, know-how, trade secret, or intellectual property right, writing, 
documentation, data, computer software and hardware, and related 
documentation whatsoever, or any interest therein, whether or not 
patentable or registrable or subject to analogous protection relating to or 
incorporated in the Product, including, without limitation, any 
Improvements, whether made by Colloral, its licensors, the Bronson 
Companies, or any of such parties working together.


1.11. Losses means liabilities; claims, whether asserted by a third party 
or by a party to this Agreement; losses; damages; judgments; awards; costs; 
and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees.


1.12. Product means Collorals proprietary dietary supplement for the 
relief of joint pain that Colloral currently markets under the names 
COLLORAL® and THE COLLAGEN SOLUTIONTM in its current form or any form later 
developed, as a stand alone product and not in combination with or as a 
component of other products.


1.13. Territory means the United States of America.


1.14. Website means the website through which Colloral sells the Product 
under the trademark, THE COLLAGEN SOLUTION, which website is currently 
located at www.collagensolution.com.


2. LICENSE

2.1. Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Colloral 
hereby grants to the Bronson Companies a non-transferable and 
non-assignable license to market, offer for sale, and sell the Product, in 
the Territory, solely through Direct Response Channels. The Bronson 
Companies hereby covenant that they will use their best efforts to market 
the Product through Direct Response Channels in the Territory.


2.2. Limited Exclusivity. The license granted to the Bronson Companies 
hereunder will be exclusive for a period of [****] following the 
Commencement Date. The exclusivity of the license will extend automatically 
under the following conditions:

(a) If the Bronson Companies purchase and pay for at least [****] units of 
Product in the period between the Effective Date and the [****] anniversary 
of the Commencement Date, the exclusivity will extend to the [****] 
anniversary of the Commencement Date;

(b) If (i) exclusivity extends through the [****] anniversary of the 
Commencement Date and (ii) the Bronson Companies purchase and pay for at 
least [****] units of Product in the period between the [****] anniversary 
of the Commencement Date and the [****] anniversary of the Commencement 
Date, the exclusivity will extend to the [****] anniversary of the 
Commencement Date; and

(c) If (i) this Agreement renews and (ii) the Bronson Companies purchase 
and pay for at least [****] units of Product in the period between the 
[****] anniversary of
 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Commencement Date and the [****] anniversary of the Commencement Date, 
the exclusivity will extend to the [****] anniversary of the Commencement 
Date.


If exclusivity renews under Subsection 2.2(c) above, the parties shall 
negotiate in good faith to set minimums for maintaining exclusivity for the 
last [****] years of the renewal term, which levels shall in no event be 
below [****] units.


2.3. No Sublicenses. The Bronson Companies may not sublicense their rights 
under this Agreement without Collorals prior written consent.

(a) Media and Distribution Partnerships. Notwithstanding the restriction on 
sublicenses above, the Bronson Companies are expressly granted the right to 
engage third party media and distribution partners to market and distribute 
the Product on their behalf and under their branding on a market by market 
basis, but any such engagements must expressly restrict the third parties 
from marketing or distributing the Product (i) through channels other than 
Direct Response Channels and (ii) outside the Territory. The Bronson 
Companies shall be responsible for the actions of such third parties, and 
any marketing and distribution by such third parties that does not comply 
with the restrictions in this Agreement, or other Agreements with any of 
the Bronson Companies shall be deemed a material breach by the Bronson 
Companies of this Agreement.

(b) Rights to Media and Distribution Partnerships. The Bronson Companies 
shall provide notice to Colloral identifying the third party media and 
distribution partners it uses. Colloral shall not work with those parties 
to distribute Product in the Territory and shall not encourage such parties 
to cease working with the Bronson Companies or to work with others to 
distribute Product in the Territory.


2.4. Retention of Rights. Colloral retains all rights not expressly granted 
to the Bronson Companies hereunder, including, without limitation, the 
right to market, offer for sale, and sell (a) its proprietary dietary 
supplement for the relief of joint pain that it currently markets under the 
names COLLORAL® and THE COLLAGEN SOLUTIONTM, in its current form or any 
form later developed, in combination with or as a component of other 
products and (b) subject to the Futurebiotics Agreements, the Product 
through any channels and in any territory not expressly covered by the 
license granted to the Bronson Companies under this Agreement. Colloral may 
license third parties to exercise its retained rights.


3. MARKETING EFFORTS

3.1. Catalog. The Product shall be included as an offering in the Bronson 
Companies September 2007 catalogs.


3.2. Test of Concept. On or before the first anniversary of the 
Commencement Date:

(a) The Bronson Companies shall send a minimum of [****] e-mail 
solicitations offering the Product for sale.

(b) The Bronson Companies shall feature the Product in at least [****] 
copies of its newsletters, whether distributed electronically or in hard 
copy.
 
-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) The Bronson Companies shall mail at least [****] catalogs that include 
the Product as an offering.

(d) The Bronson Companies shall include the Product as an offering in at 
least [****] inserts that are included in packages of products shipped to 
the Bronson Companies customers.


4. TRADEMARKS

4.1. The Bronson Companies. The Bronson Companies may not market, offer for 
sale, or sell the Product under the trademarks, COLLORAL or THE COLLAGEN 
SOLUTION, or as a generic version of such products. The Bronson Companies 
shall develop, and identify the Product by, their own trademarks.


4.2. Brand Protection. Colloral may not identify the Product as marketed 
under its trademarks as being the same as the Product as marketed under the 
Bronson Companies trademarks, nor may it make comparisons between the 
Product as marketed under its trademarks as being the same as the Product 
as marketed under the Bronson Companies trademarks, and the Bronson 
Companies may not identify the Product as marketed under their trademarks 
as being the same as the Product as marketed under Collorals trademarks, 
nor may they make comparisons between the Product as marketed under their 
trademarks as being the same as the Product as marketed under Collorals 
trademarks. Colloral covenants that it will use commercially reasonable 
efforts to prevent any other person to whom it licenses the right to market 
and sell the Product from identifying the Product as being the same as the 
Product marketed by the Bronson Companies and from making comparisons 
between the Product as marketed by the licensee and the Product as marketed 
by the Bronson Companies. In no event, however, shall Colloral be required 
to restrict or prevent another licensee from identifying the origin of the 
Product.


5. SUPPLY

5.1. Basic Arrangement. Colloral shall manufacture, package, label, pack 
for shipment, and tender to carriers, and the Bronson Companies shall 
purchase from Colloral, the Product in bulk, packaged in bottles or other 
appropriate packaging containing either a [****],[****], or [****] supply, 
pursuant to purchase orders submitted by the Bronson Companies to Colloral 
from time to time.


5.2. Colloral Responsibilities. Colloral shall be responsible for 
purchasing or providing all raw materials and packaging, labor, utilities, 
and equipment necessary to manufacture the Product and for packing the 
Product for shipment.


5.3. The Bronson Companies Responsibilities. Each of the Bronson Companies 
shall be responsible for supplying its own labels. If Colloral does not 
have sufficient labels for a particular order, it may delay shipment of the 
entire order until the applicable Bronson Company provides the necessary 
labels. Each Bronson Company shall be responsible (i) for obtaining all 
required permits and licenses and complying with all applicable laws, 
regulations, rules, ordinances, licensing and registration requirements, 
export and import restrictions, and anything
 
-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
else necessary for it to market and sell the Product in the Territory and 
(ii) for the costs associated therewith.


5.4. Three-Month Rolling Forecast; Scheduling. Each of the Bronson 
Companies shall provide to Colloral a non-binding rolling three-month 
forecast of anticipated orders prior to the beginning of each calendar 
month. Colloral shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that it 
can ship each order placed by the Bronson Companies under this Agreement 
within six weeks of the date it receives the order.


5.5. Shipment. All sales of Product under this Agreement shall be by 
refrigerated truck, F.O.B. St. George, Utah. Title to, and risk of loss of, 
Product shall be transferred to the applicable Bronson Company by Colloral 
upon tender by Colloral to such Bronson Companys designated carrier. In 
the event that Colloral desires to tender the Product to carriers at a 
location other than St. George, Utah, Colloral shall notify the Bronson 
Representative at least 30 days prior to effecting such change, and the 
Bronson Representative shall have the right to object to the change. If the 
Bronson Representative does not object to the new location within such 
30-day period or if the Bronson Representative affirmatively indicates its 
approval, Product shall be shipped F.O.B. the new location.


5.6. Certificates of Analysis. Each shipment of Product will be certified 
by the manufacturer for compliance with Product specifications including 
potency and purity of finished product. The form of certificate is attached 
hereto as Schedule A.


5.7. Technical Resource. Colloral shall respond promptly to any reasonable, 
technical questions posed by the Bronson Companies on behalf of their 
customers and their customers customers, provided, however, than in no 
event shall Colloral be required to disclose any Confidential Information.


5.8. Exclusivity. The Bronson Companies may not purchase the Product from 
any person or entity other than Colloral.


5.9. Annual Review. The Bronson Companies shall schedule a meeting between 
the parties during the last three months of each year of the Term to review 
sales of the Product to date, forecasts for the coming year and the Bronson 
Companies sales and marketing activities.


5.10. Price and Payment Terms. The Bronson Companies shall pay to Colloral 
the prices described on Schedule B in U.S. dollars. The Bronson Companies 
shall be responsible for all sales and use taxes and for all other taxes 
and charges applicable to the sale of Product to or by the Bronson 
Companies, other than taxes on Colloral s income. Colloral shall issue 
invoices for Products shipped to the Bronson Companies on or promptly 
following the date the Products are tendered to the carrier. The Bronson 
Companies shall pay Colloral for Product orders within 30 days from the 
date of shipment of the particular order. If an invoice is not paid within 
the applicable period, the overdue amount shall bear interest from the date 
that it was due at the rate of [****]% per annum or, if lower, the highest 
rate permitted by law.


6. TERM; TERMINATION
 
-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.1. Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective 
Date and shall remain in effect until the third anniversary of the 
Commencement Date, unless otherwise terminated as set forth below. The 
Bronson Companies shall have the option to renew this Agreement for one 
additional three-year term if the Bronson Companies purchased and paid for 
at least 150,000 units in the period between the second anniversary of the 
Commencement Date and the third anniversary of the Commencement Date. The 
Bronson Companies may exercise their option to renew by the Bronson 
Representative providing notice of exercise to Colloral at least 60 days 
prior to the third anniversary of the Commencement Date.


6.2. Termination. Colloral may terminate this Agreement by giving notice to 
the Bronson Representative under any of the following circumstances:

(a) If any of the Bronson Companies fails to perform or comply in any 
material respect with any of its obligations under this Agreement (except 
pursuant to a force majeure event set forth in Section 14.2) and such 
failure is not remedied within 30 days after receipt of notice of such 
failure;

(b) If any of the Bronson Companies (i) is unable to pay, or admits in 
writing its inability to pay, its debts as they mature; (ii) makes a 
general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (iii) applies for or 
consents to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, or liquidator of all or 
a substantial part of its assets; (iv) files a petition or becomes the 
subject of an involuntary petition in bankruptcy or for reorganization or 
for an arrangement pursuant to a bankruptcy act or insolvency which 
petition is not dismissed within 90 days from such filing; or (v) is 
adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent; or

(c) If the Food and Drug Administration makes a final determination that 
the Product does not meet the statutory definition of a dietary supplement.


6.3. Rights Upon Termination. Any termination of this Agreement shall be 
without prejudice to all other rights and remedies available to the parties 
under this Agreement or at law or in equity.


7. PRODUCT LIABILITY

7.1. The Bronson Companies. The Bronson Companies shall be solely 
responsible (a) to their customers and end users who purchase Product 
through their customers for any and all claims related to the Product, (b) 
for ensuring that the labels and advertising for the Product conform to USA 
Dietary Supplement Use and Education Act regulations and all laws and 
regulations in the Territory, (c) for any failure to comply with all laws, 
regulations, rules, ordinances, licensing and registration requirements, 
export and import restrictions, and anything else necessary to market and 
sell the Product in the Territory, and (d) for all liabilities and expenses 
resulting from or related to Product returns, placements, guaranteed sale, 
and recalls based on inappropriate claims.


7.2. Colloral.

(a) Colloral shall be responsible to the Bronson Companies for Losses 
incurred by the Bronson Companies that, directly or indirectly, arise out 
of, result from or
 
-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
are in any way connected with harm caused by the Product as a result of its 
being unsafe or unstable, including, without limitation, due to undisclosed 
side effects or drug interactions, whether known or unknown, unless such 
harm results from any intentional or inadvertent adulteration of the 
Product after tender to the carrier for shipment, including, without 
limitation, as a result of inadequate or inappropriate shipping and/or 
storage.

(b) All Product shipped to the Bronson Companies shall be non-returnable. 
If any Bronson Company believes that any Product does not conform to 
Collorals standard quality requirements, the Bronson Company shall notify 
Colloral of such nonconformance and, upon Collorals request, provide 
written details and deliver a sample of such nonconforming Product to 
Colloral. Colloral shall promptly notify the applicable Bronson Company as 
to whether Colloral agrees that such Product is nonconforming. If Colloral 
confirms that such Product is nonconforming, Collorals sole liability, and 
the Bronson Companys sole and exclusive remedy, is the replacement of 
nonconforming Product with conforming Product.

(c) EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, COLLORAL DISCLAIMS ALL 
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


8. CONFIDENTIALITY

8.1. Obligation. Each party, during the term of this Agreement and at all 
times thereafter, shall maintain in strict confidence and safeguard the 
other partys Confidential Information. The recipient party may use the 
disclosing partys Confidential Information only for the purposes of 
performing its obligations, and exercising its rights under, and 
facilitating the purposes of, this Agreement. The recipient party may not 
disclose the other partys Confidential Information to any third party 
without the prior written consent of the disclosing party and shall prevent 
unauthorized use or reproduction of the disclosing partys Confidential 
Information. In furtherance thereof, the recipient party shall limit access 
to such Confidential Information to employees, agents, or affiliates who 
require access in order for the recipient party to perform its obligations, 
and exercise its rights under this Agreement and who are bound to hold such 
Confidential Information in confidence pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement.


8.2. Governmental Disclosure. In the event that a recipient party is 
obligated to disclose the other partys Confidential Information under 
applicable law or by order of a court or other governmental authority of 
competent jurisdiction, including, without limitation, in or in connection 
with any public filing under state or Federal securities laws, such 
disclosure shall not be deemed to be a violation of this Agreement. As 
promptly as practicable following the recipient partys becoming aware of 
its obligation to disclose and, in any event, prior to such disclosure, the 
recipient party shall provide the disclosing party with notice of the 
disclosure obligation and a copy, if applicable and possible, of the 
Confidential Information that the recipient party is obligated to disclose.
 
-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.3. Equitable Relief. The parties agree that money damages would not be a 
sufficient remedy for any breach of this Section 9 and that the disclosing 
party shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive or other 
equitable relief as a remedy for any such breach. Such remedy shall not be 
deemed to be the exclusive remedy for breach of this Section 9, but shall 
be in addition to all other remedies available at law or equity to the 
disclosing party.


8.4. Prior Agreements. The provisions of this Section 9 supersede any other 
confidentiality agreements, other than the Futurebiotics Agreements, 
between Colloral and any of the Bronson Companies with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and such confidentiality agreements are hereby 
terminated, except with respect to the parties obligations of 
confidentiality to one another from the date of those agreements to the 
date of this Agreement.
 
  	9. 	INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

9.1. Ownership. Colloral and its licensors retain and shall have all right, 
title, and Interest in and to the Intellectual Property.


9.2. Assignment. If at any time or times during the term of this Agreement, 
including any renewal terms or extensions, any Bronson Company makes, 
conceives, creates, discovers, invents, or reduces to practice any 
Improvements, the Bronson Company shall promptly disclose the Improvements 
to Colloral. Each of the Bronson Companies hereby assigns any and all 
rights it may have or may acquire in Improvements to Colloral without 
further compensation, and in furtherance thereof, shall, during the term of 
this Agreement and at any time thereafter, at the request and cost of 
Colloral, promptly sign, execute, make, and do all such deeds, documents, 
acts, and things as Colloral may reasonably request to apply for, obtain, 
register, evidence, and vest in the name of Colloral or its assignee all 
right, title, and interest in and to the Improvements.


9.3. Effect of Colloral Breach. In the event that Colloral materially 
breaches this Agreement (except pursuant to a force majeure event set forth 
in Section 14.2), and such breach is not cured within 30 days after receipt 
of notice of such breach, Colloral shall assign all right, title, and 
interest in and to any Improvements to the Product made by the Bronson 
Companies to the Bronson Companies.


9.4. Infringement. In the event that either of Colloral or any of the 
Bronson Companies becomes aware of any actual, threatened, or suspected 
infringement by a third party of the Intellectual Property, it shall 
promptly notify the other party. Colloral shall have the first right to 
address, at its own expense, the alleged infringement. If, within 90 days 
of the date of learning of any actual, threatened, or suspected 
infringement, Colloral has not notified the Bronson Representative of its 
intent to address the alleged infringement or if within six months after 
such notice, Colloral has not taken steps to address such infringement, 
then the Bronson Companies shall have the right to address the infringement 
at their own expense. The party addressing the infringement shall have full 
control over the infringement claim and any settlement thereof. In any 
event, Colloral and the Bronson Companies shall assist one another in 
addressing infringement of Intellectual Property. Any monetary proceeds 
from any such actions shall belong to the party that addressed the 
infringement.
 
-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
10. DATA SHARING. The Bronson Companies shall provide Colloral with copies 
of all relevant technical reports and other compilations of data or 
information relating to the Product and any Improvements, including, 
without limitation, reports or compilations of laboratory tests, clinical 
tests, stability tests, and consumer market research, promptly following 
their creation by the Bronson Companies or the Bronson Companies receipt 
thereof from third parties. Colloral shall own its copies of such reports 
and compilations.


11. INDEMNIFICATION

11.1. Collorals Indemnification. Colloral shall indemnify, defend, and 
hold harmless the Bronson Companies and their affiliates, interest holders, 
subsidiaries, managers, and employees from and against any and all Losses, 
directly or indirectly, arising out of, resulting from or in any way 
connected with (i) any material breach by Colloral of the terms of this 
Agreement; (ii) any non-compliance with laws, ordinances, rules, or 
regulations applicable to Collorals obligations under this Agreement, 
(iii) harm caused by the Product as a result of its being unsafe or 
unstable, including, without limitation, due to undisclosed side effects or 
drug interactions, whether known or unknown, unless such harm results from 
any intentional or inadvertent adulteration of the Product after tender to 
the carrier for shipment, including, without limitation, as a result of 
inadequate or inappropriate shipping and/or storage, and (iv) any claim 
that the manufacture, use or sale of the Product infringes upon or violates 
any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary rights 
of any third party, so long as such alleged infringement is not based on an 
Improvement developed by the Bronson Companies.


11.2. The Bronson Companies Indemnification. The Bronson Companies shall 
indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Colloral and its affiliates, 
shareholders, subsidiaries, directors, officers, and employees and, with 
respect to matters covered by subclause (iv) below, Business Development 
Resources, Inc. and JASRA, Inc., from and against any and all Losses 
directly or indirectly arising out of, resulting from, or in any way 
connected with (i) any material breach by the Bronson Companies of the 
terms of this Agreement; (ii) any non-compliance with laws, ordinances, 
rules, or regulations applicable to the Bronson Companies obligations 
under this Agreement; (iii) any governmental, regulatory, or other 
proceedings to the extent any such proceedings result from the Bronson 
Companies acts or omissions in transporting, marketing, distributing, 
exporting, importing, and selling the Products; (iv) any failure of the 
Product labels supplied by the Bronson Companies or of the Bronson 
Companies advertising of the Product to comply with applicable laws and 
regulations, (v) any adulteration of the Product after tender to the 
carrier for shipment, including, without limitation, as a result of 
inadequate or inappropriate shipping and/or storage, and (vi) any claim 
that any Improvement developed by The Bronson Companies violates any 
patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, or other proprietary rights of 
any third party.


11.3. Indemnification Procedures. The indemnitor shall promptly assume full 
and complete responsibility for the investigation, defense, compromise, and 
settlement of any claim, suit, or action arising out of or relating to the 
indemnified matters following written notice thereof from the indemnitee, 
which notice shall be given by the indemnitee within ten days of the 
indemnitees knowledge of such claim, suit, or action. Failure to provide 
such timely notice shall not eliminate the indemnitors indemnification 
obligations to the indemnitee unless, and only to the extent to which, such 
failure has substantially prejudiced the indemnitor.
 
-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the indemnitee shall have the right, in its 
sole discretion and at indemnitees expense, to participate in or to defend 
or prosecute, through its own counsel, any claim, suit, or action for which 
it is entitled to indemnification by indemnitor; provided, however, that if 
the indemnitee is advised in writing by its legal counsel that there is a 
conflict between the positions of the indemnitor and the indemnitee in 
conducting the defense of such action or that there are legal defenses 
available to the indemnitee different from or in addition to those 
available to the indemnitor, then counsel for the indemnitee, at the 
indemnitors expense, shall be entitled to conduct the defense only to the 
extent necessary to protect the interests of the indemnitee. The indemnitor 
shall not enter into any compromise or settlement without a complete and 
general release of all claims against indemnitee for which the indemnitee 
is entitled to indemnification hereunder. If the indemnitor does not assume 
the defense of such claim, suit, or action, the indemnitor shall reimburse 
the indemnitee for the reasonable fees and expenses of any counsel retained 
by the indemnitee, and shall be bound by the results obtained by the 
indemnitee; provided, however, that no such claim, suit, or action shall be 
settled without the indemnitors prior written consent, which consent shall 
not be unreasonably withheld. The absence of a complete and general release 
of all claims against the indemnitor shall be reasonable grounds for the 
indemnitor to refuse to provide written consent to a compromise or 
settlement.


12. INSURANCE. Each party shall keep in force throughout the term of this 
Agreement and for [****] following the termination of this Agreement 
adequate commercial general liability insurance written on a claims-made 
basis, including products liability and contractual liability coverages as 
respects this Agreement, with coverage of at least US$[****] per 
occurrence. Attached as Schedule C are copies of certificates of insurance 
certifying such coverages, naming the other party as an additional insured 
and requiring at least 30 days prior written notice to the additional 
insured of any cancellation or material change thereof. Each party shall 
also maintain such other insurance as is required by applicable federal and 
state laws.


13. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

13.1. Independent Contractors. The parties are independent contractors and 
not agents, employees, partners, joint venture partners, subsidiaries, or 
affiliates of one another. No party shall incur any debts or make any 
commitments on behalf of the other, except and only to the extent, if at 
all, specifically provided in this Agreement.


13.2. Force Majeure. Except as otherwise provided herein, neither party 
shall be liable to the other for any Losses or failure to perform resulting 
from any act of God; fire; explosion; flood or other natural disaster; 
actions or impositions by Federal, state, or local authorities; strike; 
labor dispute; vandalism; riot; commotion; act of public enemies; blockage 
or embargo; or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of such party. 
Upon the occurrence of any such event that results in, or will result in, a 
delay or failure to perform, the party whose performance is delayed or 
prevented shall be relieved from fulfilling its obligations under this 
Agreement during the period of such force majeure event and shall promptly 
provide written notice to the other party of such occurrence. The party 
whose performance is affected shall use reasonable business efforts to 
minimize disruptions in its performance and shall resume full performance 
of its obligations under this Agreement as soon as possible. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a party
 
-10-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
shall not be absolved from Losses resulting from actions or impositions by 
Federal, state, or local authorities based on such partys breach of a term 
or condition of this Agreement.


13.3. Notices. Unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, any notice or 
other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in 
writing and mailed (by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage 
prepaid) or delivered (by hand or next business day courier service) 
addressed as follows:


If to the Bronson Companies or the Bronson Representative:

Bronson Nutraceuticals
350 South 400 West, #102
Lindon, UT 84042 - 1931
Attention: Steve Welling
Chief Operating Officer
FutureBiotics, LLC

And

Bronson Nutraceuticals
70 Commerce Drive
Hauppauge, NY 11778
Attention: Steve Welling
Chief Operating Officer
FutureBiotics, LLC

If to Colloral:

Colloral LLC
1199 Madia Street
Pasadena, CA 91103
Attention: Robert C. Bishop, Ph.D.
Manager

And

Colloral LLC
1414 East 3850 South
St. George, UT 84790
Attention: Scott A. Gubler
Manager


or to such other address as a party may substitute by providing notice to 
the other. All such notices and communications, if mailed, shall be 
effective upon the earlier of (a) actual receipt by the addressee, (b) the 
date shown on the return receipt of such mailing, or (c) three (3) days 
after deposit in the mail. Notices delivered by hand shall be effective 
upon delivery, and
 
-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
notices sent by next business day courier service, shall be effective one 
business day after deposit with such courier service.


13.4. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding on and shall 
inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors in 
interest and permitted assigns. Neither party may assign this Agreement 
without the prior written consent of the other, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.


13.5. Severability. Any term or provision of this Agreement which is 
invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that 
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or 
unenforceability without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining 
terms and provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or 
enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any 
other jurisdiction. If any provision of this Agreement is so broad as to be 
unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is 
enforceable.


13.6. Survival. Sections 6.10, 7.3, 8, 9, 10, 12, 13, and 14 and any 
partys obligation to pay the other amounts that have accrued but remain 
unpaid shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.


13.7. Entire Agreement and Conflict. This Agreement, including the 
Schedules hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with 
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any previous agreement, 
whether written or oral, between the parties relating to the subject matter 
of this Agreement. The Futurebiotics Agreements shall not be deemed to 
relate to the subject matter hereof. Further, in the event of any conflict, 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall prevail over the terms and 
conditions of any purchase order or other shipping, delivery, receiving, 
billing, or other document used directly or indirectly by either party in 
performing this Agreement.


13.8. Amendment and Waiver. This Agreement may not be amended or modified 
in any respect, except by an instrument in writing made and executed by 
both parties to this Agreement. No provisions of this Agreement shall be 
waived by any act, omission, or knowledge of a party, except by an 
instrument in writing expressly waiving such provisions and executed by the 
party against whom such waiver is claimed. No waiver of any default under, 
or breach of, this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any other or 
subsequent default or breach.


13.9. Construction. This Agreement has been submitted to the scrutiny of, 
and has been negotiated by, all parties hereto and their counsel, and shall 
be given a fair and reasonable interpretation in accordance with the terms 
hereof, without consideration or weight being given to its having been 
drafted by any party hereto or its counsel.


13.10. Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience only 
and shall be of no force or effect in construing or interpreting any of the 
provisions of this Agreement.


13.11. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
-12-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
13.12. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Utah, without regard to 
conflict of law principles.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly 
authorized and executed as of the date first above written.
 
BRONSON LABORATORIES, LLC
By: 	  	

 
Its: 	  	
FUTUREBIOTICS, LLC
By: 	  	

 
Its: 	  	
JENASOL LLC
By: 	  	

 
Its: 	  	
COLLORAL LLC
By: 	  	

 
  	
Robert C. Bishop, Ph.D.
Manager
By: 	  	

 
  	
Scott A. Gubler
Manager
 
-13-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE A


FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE


Deseret Laboratories, Inc.
1414 E. 3850 S.
St George, Utah 84790
CODE #: AI-201B


CERTIFICATE OF ANALYSIS


Product Name:                                         

Lot#:                     
 
  *       Analysis Required For Each Lot
  **     Based on Raw Material
  ***  Based on Input
     	

  L       Letter of Compliance

ANALYTICAL REQUIREMENTS 	   	 	     	LIMITS 	     	METHODS 	   	ASSAY 
Appearance
[****]
   	 	     	

[****]

     	 	   	                    *
Volume 	   	[****] 	     	 	     	USP 	   	                    *
pH 	   	[****] 	     	

[****]

     	 	   	                    *
Collagen II Assay 	   	[****] 	     	 	     	HPLC 	   	                    
*
MICROBIAL REQUIREMENTS 	   	 	     	LIMITS 	     	METHODS 	   	ASSAY 
Appearance
Aerobic Plate Count 	   	[****] 	     	 	     	DLI DP 730.013 	   	         
           *
Total Yeast & Mold Count 	   	[****] 	     	 	     	DLI DP 730.022 	   	    
                *
E. coli 	   	[****] 	     	 	     	DLI DP 730.027 	   	                    
*
Salmonella 	   	[****] 	     	 	     	DLI DP 730.023 	   	                  
  *
Staphylococcus aureus 	   	[****] 	     	 	     	DLI DP 730.025 	   	       
             *


EXP DATE:                     


Written by:                     


Assay verification approved by:                                          
Date:                     

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE B


APPLICABLE PRICING
 
PRODUCT
   	
PRICE PER UNIT
THROUGH AND
INCLUDING
[****]

 [****] supply

   	$ 	[****]

 [****] supply

   	$ 	[****]

 [****] supply

   	$ 	[****]


After [****], Colloral may adjust the applicable price as necessary to 
attain the same gross margin per unit as it has based upon the 
above-referenced prices and its cost per unit on the Commencement Date. 
Colloral shall provide the Bronson Representative at least 30 days prior 
notice of any such change in the price per unit.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE C


CERTIFICATES OF INSURANCE