 EX-10 4 financing8607classgwarre103.htm EX 10.3 CLASS G COMMON STOCK 
PURCHASE WARRANT
EXHIBIT 10.3

NEITHER THIS WARRANT NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE HEREOF HAVE 
BEEN THE SUBJECT OF REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED, OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND THE SAME HAVE BEEN 
(OR WILL BE, WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE HEREOF) 
ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF 
SAID ACT AND SUCH LAWS. NEITHER THIS WARRANT NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE 
UPON EXERCISE HEREOF MAY BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR 
OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF (I) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT OR (II) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE 
ISSUER THAT SUCH TRANSFER OR DISPOSITION DOES NOT VIOLATE THE ACT, THE 
RULES AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.



No. CGW___

Number of Shares Purchasable
Issue Date: ______________, 2007

Upon Exercise of Warrant: __________

Void after 5:00 p.m. Washington, D.C., Time on ______________, 2012

CLASS G COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT AGREEMENT

GUARDIAN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL, INC.

This is to certify that, subject to the provisions of this Class G Common 
Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement (the Warrant Agreement) and for value 
received, _____________________________ (the "Holder"), is entitled to 
purchase ____________________________ (_____) shares of common stock, $.001 
par value per share (the "Common Stock;" that warrant, the Warrant), 
subject to adjustment as set forth herein, of Guardian Technologies 
International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at any time 
during the period beginning ______________, 2007 (the Issue Date), and 
ending Sixty (60) months after the Issue Date (the "Expiration Date"), but 
not later than 5:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on the Expiration Date, at 
an exercise price of One Dollar Seventy-Five Cents ($1.75) per share, 
subject to adjustment as set forth herein  (the "Exercise Price").

1.

Exercise of Warrant.  Subject to the provisions of Sections 4, 8 and 9 
below, this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in part at any time or 
from time to time on or after the Issue Date and until the Expiration Date; 
provided, however, that if either of such days is a day on which banking 
institutions are authorized by law to close (a "Bank Holiday"), then on the 
next succeeding day which shall not be a Bank Holiday.  

(a)

Method of Exercise.  This Warrant may be exercised by presentation and 
surrender of this Warrant Agreement to the Company at its principal office 
or at the office of its transfer agent, if any (the "Transfer Agent").  The 
presentation and surrender of this Warrant Agreement for exercise must be 
accompanied by: (i) the form of subscription which is attached hereto in 
Annex A (the "Form of Subscription") duly executed with signature 
guaranteed; and (ii) payment of the aggregate Exercise Price for the number 
of shares specified in such form.  If this Warrant should be exercised in 
part only, upon presentation and surrender of this Warrant Agreement to the 
Company or the Transfer Agent for cancellation, the Company shall execute 
and deliver a new warrant agreement evidencing the rights of the Holder to 
purchase the balance of the shares purchasable hereunder.  Upon receipt of 
this Warrant Agreement by the Company at its office or by the Transfer 
Agent at its office, in proper form for exercise,



1


the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock 
issuable upon such exercise; provided, however, that if at the date of 
surrender of this Warrant Agreement and payment of the aggregate Exercise 
Price, the transfer books for the Common Stock shall be closed, the 
certificates representing the Common Stock or other securities subject to 
issuance upon such exercise shall be issuable as of the date on which the 
Company's transfer books shall next be opened.  Until such date, the 
Company shall be under no duty to deliver any certificate representing such 
Common Stock or other securities and the Holder shall not be deemed to have 
become a holder of record or owner of such Common Stock or such other 
securities.

(b)

Forms of Payment Authorized.

Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall pay the Exercise Price with 
cash or by certified or bankers check.

2.

Reservation of Shares.  There shall at all times be reserved for issuance 
upon exercise of this Warrant such number of shares of Common Stock as 
shall be subject hereto.

3.

Fractional Shares.  Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Company 
shall not be required to issue fractional shares of Common Stock upon the 
exercise of this Warrant.  If any fraction of a share would, except for the 
provisions hereof, be issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant, then: (a) 
if the fraction of a share otherwise issuable is equal to or less than 
one-half, the Company shall round down and issue only the largest whole 
number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is otherwise entitled, 
or (b) if the fraction of a share otherwise issuable is greater than 
one-half, the Company shall round up and issue one additional share of 
Common Stock in addition to the largest whole number of shares of Common 
Stock to which the Holder is otherwise entitled.

4.

Exchange, Transfer or Assignment of Warrant.  Subject to the provisions of 
this Section 4 and Section 8 below, this Warrant Agreement is exchangeable, 
without expense, at the option of the Holder, upon presentation and 
surrender hereof to the Company or the Transfer Agent, for other warrant 
agreements representing warrants of different denominations entitling the 
holder thereof to purchase in the aggregate the same number of shares of 
Common Stock purchasable hereunder.  Subject to the provisions of this 
Section 4 and Section 8, below, upon surrender of this Warrant Agreement to 
the Company or the Transfer Agent accompanied by:  (a) the form of 
assignment which is attached hereto as Annex B (the "Form of Assignment") 
duly executed; and (b) funds sufficient to pay any transfer tax, the 
Company shall, without charge, execute and deliver a new warrant agreement 
in the name of the assignee named in the Form of Assignment and this 
Warrant Agreement shall promptly be canceled.  The Warrant may be divided 
or combined with other warrants which carry the same rights upon 
presentation of this Warrant Agreement at the office of the Company or the 
Transfer Agent, accompanied by a written notice signed by the Holder hereof 
specifying the names and denominations in which new warrant agreements are 
to be issued.

The term "Warrant" as defined above shall hereafter include any warrant 
into which this Warrant may be divided, exchanged or combined, and any 
Warrant as the same may be hereafter modified or amended from time to time.

5.

Theft, Destruction, Loss or Mutilation of Warrant Agreement.  Subject to 
the provisions of Section 4, in the event of the theft, destruction, loss 
or mutilation of this Warrant Agreement, upon receipt by the Company of 
evidence satisfactory to it of such theft, destruction, loss or mutilation 
and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of such indemnification as 
the Company may in its discretion impose, and in the case of mutilation, 
upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant Agreement, the Company 
shall execute and deliver a new warrant agreement of like tenor and date.



2



6.

Rights of the Holder.  Prior to the exercise of the Warrant, the Holder 
shall not be entitled by virtue hereof to any rights of a stockholder in 
the Company, either at law or equity.  The rights of the Holder are limited 
to those expressed in this Warrant Agreement and are enforceable against 
the Company only to the extent set forth herein.

7.

Anti-Dilution Provisions.  The Exercise Price and the number and kind of 
securities purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be subject 
to adjustment from time to time as hereinafter provided:

(a)

In case the Company shall issue shares of Common Stock as a dividend upon 
shares of Common Stock or in payment of a dividend thereon, or shall 
subdivide the number of outstanding shares of its Common Stock into a 
greater number of shares or shall contract the number of outstanding shares 
of its Common Stock into a lesser number of shares, the Exercise Price then 
in effect shall be adjusted, effective at the close of business on the 
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive the 
same, to the price (computed to the nearest cent) determined by dividing 
(i) the product obtained by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect 
immediately prior to the close of business on such record date by the 
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding prior to such dividend, 
subdivision or contraction, by (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock 
outstanding immediately after such dividend, subdivision, or contraction.

(b)

If any capital reorganization or reclassification of the capital stock of 
the Company, or consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another 
corporation, or the sale of all or substantially all of its assets to 
another corporation shall be effected, then, as a condition of such 
reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger or sale, lawful and 
adequate provision shall be made whereby the Holder shall thereafter have 
the right to purchase and receive upon the basis and upon the terms and 
conditions specified in this Warrant Agreement and in lieu of the shares of 
Common Stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the 
exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant Agreement, such shares 
of stock, securities or assets as may be issued or payable with respect to 
or in exchange for a number of outstanding shares of such Common Stock 
immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the 
rights represented by this Warrant Agreement had such reorganization, 
reclassification, consolidation, merger or sale not taken place, and in any 
such case appropriate provision shall be made with respect to the rights 
and interests of the Holder to the end that the provisions of this Warrant 
Agreement (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustment of the 
Exercise Price and of the number of shares of Common Stock or other 
securities issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant) shall thereafter be 
applicable as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any shares of 
stock, securities, or assets thereafter deliverable upon exercise of this 
Warrant.  The Company shall not effect any such consolidation, merger or 
sale unless prior to or simultaneously with the consummation thereof, the 
successor corporation (if other than the Company) resulting from such 
consolidation or merger or the corporation purchasing such assets shall 
assume, by written instrument, the obligation to deliver to the Holder such 
shares of stock, securities or assets as, in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, the Holder may be entitled to purchase; and such successor 
corporation agrees to be bound by the provisions of Section 7 hereof with 
respect to any securities issued pursuant to such consolidation, merger or 
purchase of assets.

(c)

Upon each adjustment of the Exercise Price pursuant hereto, the number of 
shares of Common Stock specified in this Warrant shall thereupon evidence 
the right to purchase that number of shares of Common Stock (calculated to 
the nearest hundredth of a share of Common Stock) obtained by multiplying 
the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment by the 
number



3


of shares of Common Stock purchasable immediately prior to such adjustment 
upon exercise of this Warrant and dividing the product so obtained by the 
Exercise Price in effect after such adjustment.

(d)

Irrespective of any adjustments to the number or kind of securities 
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant or in the Exercise Price, any 
warrants thereafter issued may continue to express the same number of 
shares of Common Stock and Exercise Price as are stated in the warrants 
previously issued.

(e)

The Company may, at its sole option, retain the independent public 
accounting firm regularly retained by the Company, or another firm of 
independent public accountants of recognized standing selected by the 
Company's board of directors (the "Board of Directors"), to make any 
computation required under this section and a certificate signed by such 
firm shall be conclusive evidence of any computation made under this 
section.

(f)

Whenever there is an adjustment in the Exercise Price and/or in the number 
or kind of securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, as provided 
herein, the Company shall: (i) promptly file in the custody of its 
Secretary or Assistant Secretary a certificate signed by the Chairman of 
the Board of Directors or the President of the Company and by the Treasurer 
or an Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the 
Company, showing in detail the facts requiring such adjustment and the 
number and kind of securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant after 
such adjustment; and (ii) cause a notice to be sent to the Holder stating 
that such adjustment has been effected and stating the Exercise Price then 
in effect and the number and kind of securities issuable upon exercise of 
this Warrant.

(g)

The Exercise Price and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this 
Warrant shall only be adjusted in the manner and upon the conditions 
heretofore specifically referred to in Subsections 7(a) through 7(f) above.

8.

Transfer to Comply with the Securities Act and Other Applicable Securities 
Laws. Neither this Warrant nor the shares of Common Stock (or other 
securities) issuable upon exercise hereof have been registered under the 
Securities Act or under state securities laws.  Except as provided in 
Section 4 above:  (a) this Warrant may not be transferred, assigned, 
pledged, sold, or otherwise disposed of; and (b) the shares of Common Stock 
(or other securities) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may not be 
transferred, assigned, pledged, sold or otherwise disposed of in the 
absence of registration under or exemption from the applicable provisions 
of the Securities Act unless the Holder provides the Company with an 
opinion of counsel in form and substance satisfactory to the Company 
(together with such other representations and warranties as the Company may 
request) that the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable, as applicable, 
upon exercise of this Warrant may be legally transferred without violating 
the Securities Act, and any other applicable securities law and then only 
against receipt of an agreement of the transferee (in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Company) to comply with the provisions of this section 
with respect to any resale or other disposition of such securities. Unless 
subsequently registered under the Securities Act and under applicable state 
securities laws, any shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall 
bear a restrictive legend reflecting the foregoing restrictions on sale or 
transfer.

9.

Redemption.

At any time following the Issue Date and prior to the Expiration Date, the 
Company shall have the right to redeem the Warrants at a price of $.001 per 
Warrant (the Redemption Price), at its option, if for ten (10) 
consecutive trading days the bid or sale price of the Common Stock (as 
reported by Bloomberg) closes at a price of $5.00 or more (the Redemption 
Triggering Event).  To exercise its right to redeem this Warrant, the 
Company must within five (5)



4


business days of a Redemption Triggering Event give written notice to the 
Holder specifying (a) the date fixed for redemption (the Redemption 
Date), which may be a date not less than fifteen (15) days from the date 
the notice is delivered and (b) the place where this Warrant Agreement 
shall be delivered. The Redemption Price for each Warrant redeemed shall be 
paid and the right to exercise this Warrant shall terminate at 5:00 p.m. 
Washington, D.C. time, on the business day immediately preceding the 
Redemption Date.

10.

Notices.  Any notices, consents, waivers, or other communications required 
or permitted to be given hereunder must be in writing and will be deemed to 
have been delivered personally: (a) upon receipt, when delivered 
personally; (b) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile, provided a copy is 
mailed by U.S. certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt 
requested; (c) three (3) days after being sent by U.S. certified mail, 
postage prepaid and return receipt requested; or (d) one (1) day after 
deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, postage 
prepaid, in each such case properly addressed to the party to receive the 
same.  The addresses and facsimile numbers for such communications shall 
be: if to the Holder, at the address and facsimile number of the Holder as 
shown on the registry books maintained by the Company or its Transfer 
Agent; and if to the Company, to Guardian Technologies International, Inc., 
516 Herndon Parkway, Suite A, Herndon, Virginia  20170, attention: CEO, 
facsimile number (703) 464-8530.

11.

Amendments. The Company may, in its sole discretion, by supplemental 
agreement or pursuant to an amended warrant agreement issued in exchange 
for this Warrant Agreement make any changes or corrections to the terms and 
conditions hereof which it deems appropriate in order to (a) reduce the 
Exercise Price; (b) extend the Expiration Date; or (c) modify such other 
terms and conditions hereof which modification, in the judgment of the 
board of directors of the Company, provides, when considered under the 
totality of the circumstances, a net benefit to or which, in the exercise 
of such judgment, the board of directors reasonably determines would not be 
contrary to the interests of the Holder; provided, however, that no adverse 
change in the number or nature of the securities purchasable upon the 
exercise of this Warrant, or the Exercise Price, or acceleration of the 
Warrant Expiration Date, shall be made without the consent in writing of 
the Holder.

12.

Agreement of Warrant Holder.  The Holder, by his acceptance thereof, 
acknowledges that:

(a)

The Company and any Transfer Agent may deem and treat the person or entity 
in whose name this Warrant Agreement is registered as the Holder and as the 
absolute, true and lawful owner of the Warrant for all purposes, and 
neither the Company, nor the Transfer Agent shall be affected by any notice 
or knowledge to the contrary, except as otherwise expressly provided in 
Section 5 hereof;

(b)

The Warrant shall be subject in all respects to the terms and conditions 
set forth in any amended warrant agreement upon the issuance thereof and 
upon the mailing by the Company of notice of the amendment of the terms and 
conditions of this Warrant Agreement; and

(c)

Holder shall execute all such further instruments and documents and take 
such further action as the Company may reasonably require in order to 
effectuate the terms and purposes of this Warrant Agreement.

13.

Severability.  The provisions of this Warrant Agreement shall be considered 
severable in the event that any of such provisions are held by a court of 
competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable.  
Such invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable provisions shall be 
automatically



5


replaced by other provisions which are valid and enforceable and which are 
as similar as possible in term and intent to those provisions deemed to be 
invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the remaining provisions hereof shall remain enforceable to the fullest 
extent permitted by law.

14.

Governing Law.  The validity and construction of this Warrant Agreement and 
all matters pertaining hereto are to be determined in accordance with the 
laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without reference to the conflict of 
law principles of that state.

15.

Entire Agreement.  This Warrant Agreement is intended to and does contain 
and embody the entire understanding and agreement of the Company and the 
Holder with respect to the subject matter hereof and there exists no oral 
agreement or understanding, express or implied, whereby the absolute, final 
and unconditional character and nature of this Warrant Agreement shall be 
in any way invalidated, unempowered or affected.

16.

Headings.  The headings in this Warrant Agreement are for convenience of 
reference only and are not part of this Warrant Agreement.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.]



6


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant Agreement to be 
signed in its name and on its behalf and its corporate seal to be affixed 
hereon by its duly authorized officers as of the date of issuance first 
above written.

                      GUARDIAN TECHNOLOGIES
                         INTERNATIONAL, INC.


[SEAL]

By:

____________________________________
                  Name:

                  ____________________________________
                  Title:

                  ____________________________________


Attest:


By:  ______________________________________
Secretary



 











7


Annex A to Class G Common Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement

FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION

(Complete and sign only upon exercise of the Class G Common Stock Purchase 
Warrant
in whole or in part.)

To:

Guardian Technologies International, Inc.

The undersigned, the holder of the attached Class G Common Stock Purchase 
Warrant Agreement (No. CGW-___) to which this Form of Subscription applies, 
hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the purchase rights represented by 
such warrant for and to purchase thereunder _______________ shares of 
common stock, $.001 par value per share (the "Common Stock"), from Guardian 
Technologies International, Inc. (or such other securities issuable 
pursuant to the terms of the Class G Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
Agreement) and herewith makes payment of $____________________________ 
therefor in cash or by certified or official bank check. The undersigned 
hereby requests that the certificate(s) representing such securities be 
issued in the name(s) and delivered to the address(es) as follows:

Name: 
_______________________________________________________________________________
Address: 
_____________________________________________________________________________
Social Security or Taxpayer Identification Number: 
__________________________________________
Deliver to: 
___________________________________________________________________________
Address: 
_____________________________________________________________________________

If the foregoing subscription evidences an exercise of the Class G Common 
Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase fewer than all of the shares of Common 
Stock (or other securities issuable pursuant to the terms of the Class G 
Common Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement) to which the undersigned is 
entitled under such warrant, please issue a new warrant, of like tenor, 
relating to the remaining portion of the securities issuable upon exercise 
of such warrant (or other securities issuable pursuant to the terms of such 
warrant) in the name(s), and deliver the same to the address(es), as 
follows:

Name: 
_______________________________________________________________________________ 
       Address: 
_____________________________________________________________________________ 
     
Dated: 
_______________________________________________________________________________

                  

_______________________________________

_______________________________________
(Name of Holder)

(Social Security or Taxpayer Identification

          Number of Holder, if applicable)

_______________________________________
(Signature of Holder or Authorized Signatory)

Signature Guaranteed: ____________________





8


Annex B to Class G Common Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

(To be executed upon assignment of Class G Common Stock Purchase Warrant)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers to  
                                         ____________________________ the 
right represented by the Class G Common Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement 
(No. CGW-___) to which this Form of Assignment applies with respect to 
___________________________ of the shares issuable upon exercise of the 
warrant together with all right, title and interest therein, and does 
hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint the corporate secretary of 
Guardian Technologies International, Inc., attorney-in-fact to transfer 
such Class G Common Stock Purchase Warrant on the warrant register of 
Guardian Technologies International, Inc., the issuer of the Class G Common 
Stock Purchase Warrant, with full power of substitution.  Upon such 
transfer, a new warrant agreement covering the warrants represented by the 
Class G Common Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement (CGW-___) not being so 
sold, assigned or transferred, shall be issued to and in the name of the 
undersigned in accordance with Section 4 of the Class G Common Stock 
Purchase Warrant Agreement.

DATED: ___________________________________

Signature: __________________________________

                                                                            

(Signature must conform in all respects to name of holder as specified on 
the face of the Warrant)



Signature Guaranteed: _______________________



9


