 EX-10.02 2 form8ka2-ex102.txt [EXHIBIT 10.2] AMENDED AND RESTATED 
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER This AMENDED AND RESTATE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF 
MERGER (the --------- "Agreement") is made and entered into as of September 
5, 2007, by and among Dentalserv.com, a Nevada corporation 
("Dentalserv.com") and -------------- Medpro Safety Products Inc., a 
Delaware corporation ("Medpro"). ------ R E C I T A L S --------------- A. 
The Boards of Directors of Dentalserv.com and Medpro believe it is in the 
best interests of their respective companies and the stockholders of their 
respective companies that Dentalserv.com and Medpro combine into a single 
Dentalserv.com through the statutory merger of Dentalserv.com and Medpro 
(the "Merger") and, in furtherance thereof, have approved the Merger. 
------ B. Pursuant to the Merger, among other things, the outstanding 
shares of Medpro common stock, $.01 par value ("Medpro Common Stock"), 
shall be converted into shares of ------------------- Dentalserv.com Common 
Stock, $.001 par value ("Dentalserv.com -------------- Common Stock"). 
------------ C. Dentalserv.com and Medpro desire to make certain 
representations and warranties and other agreements in connection with the 
Merger. D. The parties intend, by executing this Agreement, to adopt a plan 
of reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), ---- and to cause the Merger to 
qualify as a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368 of the 
Code. E. In respect of the foregoing, the parties entered into an Agreement 
and Plan of Merger on September 5, 2007 (the " Original Agreement"). F. In 
order to clarify certain matters, principally the Exchange Ratio (as set 
forth in Section 1.4 hereof) and the Final Date (as set forth in Section 
7.1(b) hereof), the parties hereto are entering into this Agreement which 
amends, restates and replaces the Original Agreement, effective as of the 
date first written above. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants 
and representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable 
consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, 
the parties hereto agree as follows: ARTICLE I THE MERGER ---------- 1.1 
The Merger. At the Effective Time (as defined in ---------- Section 1.2) 
and subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the 
Certificate of Merger substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 
A and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised 
Statutes ("Nevada ------ Law") and the Delaware General Corporation Law 
("Delaware Law"), ---- ------------ Medpro shall be merged with and into 
Dentalserv.com, the separate corporate existence of the Medpro shall cease 
and Dentalserv.com shall continue as the surviving corporation and shall 
take the name "Medpro Safety Products, Inc.". Dentalserv.com as the 
surviving corporation after the Merger is hereinafter sometimes referred to 
as the "Surviving Corporation." --------------------- 1.2 Closing; 
Effective Time. The closing of the ----------------------- transactions 
contemplated hereby (the "Closing") shall take place ------- as soon as 
practicable after the satisfaction or waiver of each of the conditions set 
forth in Article VI hereof or at such other ---------- time as the parties 
hereto agree (the "Closing Date"). The ------------ Closing shall take 
place at the offices of Lord, Bissell & Brook LLP, 885 Third Avenue, 26th 
Floor, New York, NY 10022, or at such other location as the parties hereto 
agree. In connection with the Closing, the parties hereto shall cause the 
Merger to be consummated by filing the Certificate of Merger with the 
Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of Nevada Law (the time of such filing being the "Effective 
Time"). Promptly after the Closing, -------------- a certified copy of the 
Certificate of Merger as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of 
Nevada shall be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
1.3 Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the -------------------- 
effect of the Merger shall be as provided in this Agreement, the 
Certificate of Merger and the applicable provisions of Nevada Law and 
Delaware Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject 
thereto, at the Effective Time: (a) all debts, liabilities and duties of 
Medpro shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving 
Corporation; (b) the Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation 
shall be the Articles of Incorporation attached to the Certificate of 
Merger as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, until 
thereafter amended as provided by law and such Articles of Incorporation; 
(c) the Bylaws of Medpro, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective 
Time, shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, except as to the 
name of the Surviving Corporation, which shall be Medpro Safety Products, 
Inc., until thereafter amended as provided by law, the Articles of 
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and such Bylaws; and (d) the 
persons designated by Medpro on Schedule 6.2(e) --------------- shall 
become, in the manner set forth in Section 6.3(e), the -------------- 
directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation from and after the 
Effective Time, in each case until their respective successors shall have 
been duly elected, designated or qualified, or until their earlier death, 
resignation or removal in accordance with the Surviving Corporation's 
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. 1.4 Conversion of Medpro Common 
Stock. At the Effective --------------------------------- Time, by virtue 
of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders of Medpro 
Common Stock or the holders of the Dentalserv.com Common Stock, each of the 
24,879,363 shares of Medpro Common Stock, which will then constitute all of 
the issued and outstanding shares of the capital stock of Medpro, shall be 
converted into 11,284,696 fully paid and nonassessable shares of 
Dentalserv.com Common Stock (the "Exchange Ratio"). -------------- 1.5 
Surrender of Certificates. ------------------------- (a) Exchange Agent. 
The transfer agent of -------------- Dentalserv.com shall act as exchange 
agent (the "Exchange Agent") -------------- in the Merger. (b) 
Dentalserv.com to Provide Common Stock. Promptly 
-------------------------------------- after the Effective Time, 
Dentalserv.com shall make available to the Exchange Agent for exchange in 
accordance with this Article I, through such reasonable procedures as 
Dentalserv.com may adopt, the shares of Dentalserv.com Common Stock into 
which the 2 shares of Medpro Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to 
the Effective Time were converted pursuant to Section 1.4. ----------- (c) 
Exchange Procedures. Promptly after the Effective ------------------- Time, 
the Surviving Corporation shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each 
holder of record of a certificate or certificates (the "Certificates") 
which immediately prior to ------------ the Effective Time represented 
outstanding shares of Medpro Common Stock whose shares were converted into 
the right to receive shares of Dentalserv.com Common Stock as set forth in 
Section 1.4, pursuant to (i) a letter of transmittal and ----------- (ii) 
instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in 
exchange for certificates or agreements representing shares of Medpro 
Common Stock. Upon surrender of a Certificate to the Exchange Agent or to 
such other agent or agents as may be appointed by the Surviving 
Corporation, together with such letter of transmittal, duly completed and 
validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, the holder of 
such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a 
certificate representing the number of whole shares of Dentalserv.com 
Common Stock and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be 
canceled. Until so surrendered, each outstanding Certificate that, prior to 
the Effective Time, represented shares of Medpro Common Stock will be 
deemed from and after the Effective Time, for all corporate purposes, to 
evidence the ownership of the number of full shares of Dentalserv.com 
Common Stock into which such shares of Medpro Common Stock were otherwise 
converted at the Effective Time. (d) Transfers of Ownership. If any 
certificate for ---------------------- shares of Dentalserv.com Common 
Stock are to be issued in a name other than that in which the Certificate 
surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, it will be a condition of 
the issuance thereof that the Certificate so surrendered be accompanied by 
a duly completed and validly executed letter of transmittal in proper form 
for transfer and that the person requesting such exchange will have paid to 
Medpro or any agent designated by it any transfer or other taxes required 
by reason of the issuance of a certificate for shares of Dentalserv.com 
Common Stock in any name other than that of the registered holder of the 
Certificate surrendered, or established to the satisfaction of the 
Surviving Corporation or any agent designated by it that such tax has been 
paid or is not payable. 1.6 No Further Ownership Rights in Medpro Common 
Stock. -------------------------------------------------- All shares of 
Dentalserv.com Common Stock issued upon the surrender of Certificates 
pursuant to Section 1.5(c) shall be -------------- deemed to have been 
issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such securities, 
and there shall be no further registration of transfers on the records of 
Medpro of shares of Medpro Common Stock which were outstanding immediately 
prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are 
presented to the Surviving Corporation for any reason, they shall be 
canceled and exchanged as provided in this Article I. 1.7 Lost, Stolen or 
Destroyed Certificates. If any -------------------------------------- 
Certificates shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent 
shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates, 
upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, such 
shares of Dentalserv.com Common Stock as may be required pursuant to 
Section 1.4. ----------- 3 1.8 Tax Consequences. It is intended by the 
parties ---------------- hereto that the Merger shall constitute a 
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Code. 1.9 
Withholding Rights. The Surviving Corporation shall ------------------ be 
entitled to deduct and withhold from the number of shares of Dentalserv.com 
Common Stock otherwise deliverable under this Agreement, such amounts as 
the Surviving Corporation is required, and Medpro acknowledges and agrees 
is required, to deduct and withhold with respect to such delivery and 
payment under the Code or any provision of state, local, provincial or 
foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts are so withheld, such withheld 
amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been 
delivered and paid to the former holder of shares of Medpro Common Stock in 
respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by the Surviving 
Corporation. 1.10 Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action. If, at 
-------------------------- any time after the Effective Time, any further 
action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this 
Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full right, title and 
possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers and 
franchises of Medpro, the officers and directors of Medpro and 
Dentalserv.com are fully authorized in the name of their respective 
corporations or otherwise to take, and will take, all such lawful and 
necessary action, so long as such action is not inconsistent with this 
Agreement ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF DENTALSERV.COM 
------------------------------------------------ In this Agreement, any 
reference to any event, change, condition or effect being "material" with 
respect to any person -------- means any material event, change, condition 
or effect related to the condition (financial or otherwise), properties, 
assets (including intangible assets), liabilities, business, operations or 
results of operations of such person and its subsidiaries, taken as a 
whole. In this Agreement, any reference to a "Material -------- Adverse 
Effect" with respect to any person means any event, -------------- change 
or effect that is materially adverse to the condition (financial or 
otherwise), properties, assets, liabilities, business, operations or 
results of operations of such person and its subsidiaries, taken as a 
whole. Except as disclosed in that section of the document dated as of the 
date of this Agreement and delivered by Dentalserv.com to Medpro prior to 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the "Dentalserv.com 
Disclosure Schedule") corresponding to the Section of this Agreement to 
which any of the following representations and warranties specifically 
relate or as disclosed in another section of the Dentalserv.com Disclosure 
Schedule unless it is reasonably apparent to Medpro from the nature of the 
disclosure that it is applicable to another Section of this Agreement, 
Dentalserv.com represents and warrants to Medpro as follows: 2.1 
Organization, Standing and Power. Dentalserv.com is a 
-------------------------------- corporation duly organized, validly 
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada. 
Dentalserv.com has the power to own its properties and to carry on its 
business as now being conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted 
and is duly authorized and qualified to do 4 business and is in good 
standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified and 
in good standing would have a Material Adverse Effect on Dentalserv.com. 
Dentalserv.com has delivered or made available to Medpro a true and correct 
copy of the Articles of Incorporation (the "Articles of Incorporation"), 
and the Bylaws, ------------------------- or other charter documents, as 
applicable, of Dentalserv.com, as amended to date. Dentalserv.com is not in 
violation of any of the provisions of its charter or bylaws. Dentalserv.com 
does not directly or indirectly own any equity or similar interest in, or 
any interest convertible or exchangeable or exercisable for, any equity or 
similar interest in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other 
business association or entity. Schedule 2.1 of the Dentalserv.com 
Disclosure Schedule lists, and - 
------------------------------------------------------ Dentalserv.com has 
delivered to Medpro copies of, the charters of each committee of 
Dentalserv.com's Board of Directors and any code of conduct or similar 
policy adopted by Dentalserv.com. 2.2 Capital Structure. The authorized 
capital stock of ----------------- Dentalserv.com consists of 90,000,000 
shares of common stock, $0.001 par value, of which there were issued and 
outstanding as of the close of business as of the date hereof, 1,396,000 
shares of Dentalserv.com Common Stock, along with 28,888,186 warrants to 
purchase shares of Dentalserv.com Common Stock, and 10,000,000 shares of 
preferred stock, $0.001 par value (the "Dentalserv.com -------------- 
Preferred Stock"), of which 6,668,230 were issued and outstanding 
--------------- as of the close of business as of the date hereof. There 
are no other outstanding shares of capital stock or voting securities and 
no outstanding commitments to issue any shares of capital stock or voting 
securities after the date hereof. All outstanding shares of Dentalserv.com 
Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and 
non-assessable and are free of any liens or encumbrances other than any 
liens or encumbrances created by or imposed upon the holders thereof, and 
are not subject to preemptive rights or rights of first refusal created by 
statute, the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Dentalserv.com or any 
agreement to which Dentalserv.com is a party or by which it is bound. 2.3 
Authority. Dentalserv.com has all requisite corporate --------- power and 
authority to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby, subject only to the adoption of this Agreement by 
Dentalserv.com's stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares 
of Dentalserv.com Common Stock. The execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have 
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of 
Dentalserv.com, subject only to the adoption of this Agreement by 
Dentalserv.com's stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares 
of Dentalserv.com Common Stock. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by Dentalserv.com and constitutes the valid and binding 
obligation of Dentalserv.com enforceable against Dentalserv.com in 
accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by 
bankruptcy and other laws affecting the rights and remedies of creditors 
generally and general principles of equity. The execution and delivery of 
this Agreement by Dentalserv.com does not, and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby will not, conflict with, or result in any 
violation of, or default under (with or without notice or lapse of time, or 
both), or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration 
of any obligation or loss of any benefit under (i) any provision of the 
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Dentalserv.com, as amended, or (ii) 
any material mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement or 
instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, 
decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to 
Dentalserv.com or any of its properties or assets, except where such 
conflict, violation, default, termination, cancellation or acceleration 5 
with respect to the foregoing provisions of subsection (ii) above could not 
have had and could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect on Dentalserv.com. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, 
or registration, declaration or filing with, any court, administrative 
agency or commission or other governmental authority or instrumentality 
("Governmental Entity") ------------------- is required by or with respect 
to Dentalserv.com in connection with the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and 
thereby, except for (i) the filing of the Certificate of Merger as provided 
in Section 1.2; (ii) the filing ----------- with the SEC of Form D; (iii) 
the filing of a Form 8-K with the SEC within four (4) business days after 
the Closing Date; (iv) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations, 
registrations, declarations and filings as may be required under applicable 
state securities laws and the securities laws of any foreign country; (v) 
such filings, if any, as may be required under the Hart-Scott-Rodino 
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended ("HSR"); and (vi) such other 
consents, authorizations, filings, --- approvals and registrations which, 
if not obtained or made, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on 
Dentalserv.com and would not prevent, or materially alter or delay any of 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 2.4 Financial Statements. 
Dentalserv.com has provided to -------------------- Medpro a correct and 
complete copy of the audited consolidated financial statements (including 
any related notes thereto) of Dentalserv.com for the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2006 (the "Financial Statements"). The Financial Statements 
were prepared -------------------- in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles of the United States ("GAAP") applied on a consistent 
basis ---- throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated in 
the notes thereto), and each fairly presents in all material respects the 
financial position of Dentalserv.com at the respective dates thereof and 
the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods indicated. 2.5 
Absence of Certain Changes. Since June 30, 2007 (the 
-------------------------- "Dentalserv.com Balance Sheet Date"), 
Dentalserv.com has --------------------------------- conducted its business 
in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and there has not 
occurred: (i) any change, event or condition that has resulted in, or is 
reasonably likely to result in, or to the best of Dentalserv.com's 
knowledge any event beyond Dentalserv.com's control that is reasonably 
likely to result in, a Material Adverse Effect to Dentalserv.com; (ii) any 
acquisition, sale or transfer of any material asset of Dentalserv.com other 
than in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice; 
(iii) any change in accounting methods or practices by Dentalserv.com ; 
(iv) any declaration, setting aside, or payment of a dividend or other 
distribution with respect to the shares of Dentalserv.com, or any direct or 
indirect redemption, purchase or other acquisition by Dentalserv.com of any 
of its shares of capital stock; (v) any material contract entered into by 
Dentalserv.com, other than in the ordinary course of business, or any 
amendment or termination of, or default under, any material contract to 
which Dentalserv.com is a party; (vi) any amendment or change to 
Dentalserv.com's Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; or (vii) any increase 
in or modification of the compensation or benefits payable, or to become 
payable, by Dentalserv.com to any of its directors or employees, other than 
pursuant to scheduled annual performance reviews, provided that any 
resulting modifications are in the ordinary course of business and 
consistent with Dentalserv.com's past practices. Dentalserv.com has not 
agreed since June 30, 2007 to do any of the things described in the 
preceding clauses (i) through (vii) and is not currently involved in any 
negotiations to take any of the actions described in the preceding clauses 
(i) through (vii) (other than negotiations with Medpro and its 
representatives regarding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement). 
6 2.6 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. Dentalserv.com 
---------------------------------- has no material obligations or 
liabilities of any nature (matured or unmatured, fixed or contingent) other 
than (i) those set forth or adequately provided for in the Balance Sheet 
included in Financial Statements (the "Dentalserv.com Balance Sheet"), (ii) 
---------------------------- those incurred in the ordinary course of 
business and not required to be set forth in Dentalserv.com Balance Sheet 
under GAAP, (iii) those incurred in the ordinary course of business since 
Dentalserv.com Balance Sheet date and not reasonably likely to have a 
Material Adverse Effect on Dentalserv.com; and (iv) those incurred in 
connection with the execution of this Agreement. 2.7 Litigation. There is 
no private or governmental ---------- action, suit, proceeding, claim, 
arbitration, audit or investigation pending before any agency, court or 
tribunal, foreign or domestic, or, to the knowledge of Dentalserv.com, 
threatened against Dentalserv.com of its officers or directors (in their 
capacities as such) that, individually or in the aggregate, would 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Dentalserv.com. 
There is no injunction, judgment, decree, order or regulatory restriction 
imposed upon Dentalserv.com or its assets or business, or, to the knowledge 
of Dentalserv.com any of its directors or officers (in their capacities as 
such), that would prevent, enjoin, alter or materially delay any of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or that could reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Dentalserv.com. Schedule 2.7 
of --------------- Dentalserv.com Disclosure Schedule lists all actions, 
suits, - ---------------------------------- proceedings, claims, 
arbitrations, audits and investigations pending before any agency, court or 
tribunal that involve Dentalserv.com. 2.8 Restrictions on Business 
Activities. There is no ----------------------------------- agreement, 
judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon Dentalserv.com which has 
or reasonably could be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or 
materially impairing any business practice of Dentalserv.com, any 
acquisition of property by Dentalserv.com or the conduct of business by 
Dentalserv.com. 2.9 Governmental Authorization. Dentalserv.com has 
-------------------------- obtained each federal, state, county, local or 
foreign governmental consent, license, permit, grant, or other 
authorization of a Governmental Entity (i) pursuant to which Dentalserv.com 
currently operates or holds any interest in any of its properties or (ii) 
that is required for the operation of Dentalserv.com's business or the 
holding of any such interest ((i) and (ii) herein collectively called 
"Dentalserv.com -------------- Authorizations"), and all of such 
Dentalserv.com Authorizations -------------- are in full force and effect, 
except where the failure to obtain or have any of such Dentalserv.com 
Authorizations or where the failure of such Dentalserv.com Authorizations 
to be in full force and effect could not reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect on Dentalserv.com. 2.10 Title to Property. 
Dentalserv.com has good and valid ----------------- title to all of its 
properties, interests in properties and assets, real and personal, 
reflected in Dentalserv.com Balance Sheet. 2.11 Intellectual Property. 
Dentalserv.com owns, or is --------------------- licensed or otherwise 
possesses legally enforceable and unencumbered rights to use, all patents, 
trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, and any 
applications therefor, maskworks, schematics, trade secrets, computer 
software programs (in both source code, except in circumstances where 
Dentalserv.com only possesses a license to the object code form, and object 
7 code form), and tangible or intangible proprietary information or 
material ("Intellectual Property") that are used in the business 
--------------------- of Dentalserv.com ("Dentalserv.com Intellectual 
Property"). ------------------------------------ 2.12 Taxes. Dentalserv.com 
properly completed and timely ----- filed all Tax Returns (as defined 
below) required to be filed by them and have paid all Taxes (as defined 
below) required to be paid, whether or not shown on any Tax Return. All 
unpaid Taxes of Dentalserv.com and its subsidiaries for periods through 
December 30, 2006, are reflected in Dentalserv.com Balance Sheet. "Tax" or 
"Taxes" shall mean all taxes, charges, fees, duties, levies, penalties or 
other assessments imposed by any federal, state, local or foreign 
governmental authority, including income, gross receipts, excise, property, 
sales, gain, use, license, custom duty, unemployment, capital stock, 
transfer, franchise, payroll, withholding, social security, minimum 
estimated, profit, gift severance, value added, disability, premium, 
recapture, credit, occupation, service, leasing, employment, stamp and 
other taxes, and shall include interest, penalties or addition attributable 
thereto or attributable to any failure to comply with any requirement Tax 
Returns. "Tax Return" shall mean any return, declaration, report, claim for 
refund, or information return or statement relating to Taxes, including any 
such document prepared on a consolidated, combined or unitary basis and 
also including any schedule or attachment thereto and including any 
amendment thereof. 2.13 Labor Matters. Dentalserv.com is not a party to any 
------------- collective bargaining agreement or other labor union contract 
applicable to persons employed by Dentalserv.com nor does Dentalserv.com 
know of any activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any 
such employees. 2.14 Compliance With Laws. To Dentalserv.com's knowledge, 
-------------------- Dentalserv.com has complied with, are not in violation 
of, and have not received any notices of violation with respect to, any 
federal, state, local or foreign statute, law or regulation with respect to 
the conduct of its business, or the ownership or operation of its business, 
except for such violations or failures to comply as could not be reasonably 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Dentalserv.com. 2.15 Minute 
Books. The minute books of Dentalserv.com made ------------ available to 
Medpro contain in all material respects a complete and accurate summary of 
all meetings of directors and stockholders or actions by written consent of 
Dentalserv.com during the past three years and through the date of this 
Agreement, and reflect all transactions referred to in such minutes 
accurately in all material respects. 2.16 Brokers' and Finders' Fees. 
Dentalserv.com has not -------------------------- incurred, nor will it 
incur, directly or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders' fees 
or agents' commissions or investment bankers' fees or any similar charges 
in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby 
except as disclosed on Schedule 2.16. 2.17 Vote Required. The affirmative 
vote of ------------- Dentalserv.com's stockholders holding a majority of 
the outstanding shares of Dentalserv.com Common Stock is the only vote of 
the 8 holders of any of Dentalserv.com's capital stock necessary to approve 
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 2.18 Board 
Approval. The Board of Directors of -------------- Dentalserv.com has (i) 
approved this Agreement and the Merger, (ii) determined that this Agreement 
and the Merger are advisable and in the best interests of the stockholders 
of Dentalserv.com and are on terms that are fair to such stockholders and 
(iii) intends to recommend that the stockholders of Dentalserv.com approve 
this Agreement and consummation of the Merger. 2.19 Over-the-Counter 
Bulletin Board Quotation. ----------------------------------------- 
Dentalserv.com Common Stock is quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin 
Board ("OTC BB"). There is no action or proceeding ------ pending or, to 
Dentalserv.com's knowledge, threatened against Dentalserv.com by Nasdaq or 
NASD, Inc. ("NASD") with respect to ---- any intention by such entities to 
prohibit or terminate the quotation of Dentalserv.com Common Stock on the 
OTC BB. 2.20 Representations Complete. None of the ------------------------ 
representations or warranties made by Dentalserv.com herein or in any 
Schedule hereto, including the Dentalserv.com Disclosure Schedule, or 
certificate furnished by Dentalserv.com pursuant to this Agreement, when 
all such documents are read together in their entirety, contains or will 
contain at the Effective Time any untrue statement of a material fact, or 
omits or will omit at the Effective Time to state any material fact 
necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein, in 
the light of the circumstances under which made, not misleading. ARTICLE 
III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF MEDPRO 
---------------------------------------- Except as disclosed in that 
section of the document dated as of the date of this Agreement and 
delivered by Medpro to Dentalserv.com prior to the execution and delivery 
of this Agreement (the "Medpro Disclosure Schedule") corresponding to the 
-------------------------- Section of this Agreement to which any of the 
following representations and warranties specifically relate or as 
disclosed in another section of the Medpro Disclosure Schedule if it is 
reasonably applicable to Medpro on the face of the disclosure that it is 
applicable to another Section of this Agreement, Medpro represents and 
warrants to Dentalserv.com as follows: 3.1 Organization, Standing and 
Power. Medpro is a -------------------------------- corporation duly 
organized, validly existing and in good standing, and no certificates of 
dissolutions have been filed under the laws of its jurisdiction of 
organization. Medpro and its subsidiaries have the corporate power to own 
its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted and as 
proposed to be conducted and is duly qualified to do business and is in 
good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified 
and in good standing would have a Material Adverse Effect on Medpro. Medpro 
has delivered or made available to Dentalserv.com a true and correct copy 
of the Certificate of Incorporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), 
and the ---------------------------- Bylaws, or other charter documents, as 
applicable, of Medpro, as amended to date. Medpro is not in violation of 
any of the provisions of its charter or bylaws or equivalent organizational 
documents. Medpro is not in violation of any of the provisions of its 
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or equivalent organizational 
documents. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1 of --------------- the 
Medpro Disclosure Schedule, Medpro does not directly or - 
------------------------------ indirectly own any equity or similar 
interest in, 9 or any interest convertible or exchangeable or exercisable 
for, any equity or similar interest in, any corporation, partnership, joint 
venture or other business association or entity. Schedule 3.1 ------------ 
of the Medpro Disclosure Schedule lists, and Medpro has delivered to 
--------------------------------- Dentalserv.com copies of, the charters of 
each committee of Medpro's Board of Directors and any code of conduct or 
similar policy adopted by Medpro. 3.2 Capital Structure. The authorized 
capital stock of ----------------- Medpro consists of 25,000,000 shares of 
common stock, $.01 par value, of which 22,820,529 shares of Medpro Common 
Stock were issued and outstanding as of the close of business on the date 
hereof and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $.01 par value, none of 
which were issued and outstanding as of the close of business on the date 
hereof. Medpro has (a) convertible notes outstanding which Medpro expects 
to be converted in accordance with their terms, into 476,013.50 shares of 
Medpro Common Stock before the Effective Time; and (b) agreements to 
convert debt and other obligations of Medpro into 1,582,820.50 shares of 
Medpro Common Stock before the Effective Time. There are no other 
outstanding shares of capital stock or voting securities and no outstanding 
commitments to issue any shares of capital stock or voting securities after 
the date hereof. All outstanding shares of Medpro Common Stock are duly 
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and are free of 
any liens or encumbrances other than any liens or encumbrances created by 
or imposed upon the holders thereof, and are not subject to preemptive 
rights or rights of first refusal created by statute, the Certificate of 
Incorporation or Bylaws of Medpro or any agreement to which Medpro is a 
party or by which it is bound. 3.3 Authority. Medpro has all requisite 
corporate power --------- and authority to enter into this Agreement and to 
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, subject only to the 
adoption of this Agreement by Medpro's stockholders holding a majority of 
the outstanding shares of Medpro Common Stock. The execution and delivery 
of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
hereby has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the 
part of Medpro, subject only to the adoption of this Agreement by Medpro's 
stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares of Medpro Common 
Stock. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Medpro and 
constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Medpro enforceable against 
Medpro in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be 
limited by bankruptcy and other laws affecting the rights and remedies of 
creditors generally and general principles of equity. The execution and 
delivery of this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby will not, conflict with, or result in any 
violation of, or default under (with or without notice or lapse of time, or 
both), or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration 
of any obligation or loss of any benefit under (i) any provision of the 
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Medpro or any of its 
subsidiaries, as amended, or (ii) any material mortgage, indenture, lease, 
contract or other agreement or instrument, permit, concession, franchise, 
license, judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or 
regulation applicable to Medpro or any of its subsidiaries or their 
properties or assets, except where such conflict, violation, default, 
termination, cancellation or acceleration with respect to the foregoing 
provisions of subsection (ii) above could not have had and could not 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Medpro. No 
consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration 
or filing with, any Governmental Entity, is required by or with respect to 
Medpro or any of its subsidiaries in connection with the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement by Medpro or the consummation by Medpro of the 
transactions contemplated hereby, except for (i) the filing of the 10 
Certificate of Merger as provided in Section 1.2; (ii) any filings 
----------- as may be required under applicable state securities laws and 
the securities laws of any foreign country; (v) any filings required with 
the OTC BB with respect to the shares of Medpro Common Stock issuable upon 
exchange of Dentalserv.com Common Stock in the Merger; and (vi) such other 
consents, authorizations, filings, approvals and registrations which, if 
not obtained or made, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Medpro 
and would not prevent or materially alter or delay any of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement. 3.4 Financial Statements. The financial 
statements of -------------------- Medpro provided to Dentalserv.com, 
including the notes thereto (the "Medpro Financial Statements") were 
complete and correct in --------------------------- all material respects 
as of their respective dates, complied as to form in all material respects 
with applicable accounting requirements, and have been prepared in 
accordance with GAAP applied on a basis consistent throughout the periods 
indicated and consistent with each other. The Medpro Financial Statements 
fairly present the consolidated financial condition and operating results 
of Medpro and its subsidiaries at the dates and during the periods 
indicated therein (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, 
recurring year-end adjustments). 3.5 Absence of Certain Changes. Since June 
30, 2007 -------------------------- (the "Medpro Balance Sheet Date"), 
Medpro has conducted its ------------------------- business in the ordinary 
course consistent with past practice and there has not occurred: (i) any 
change, event or condition (whether or not covered by insurance) that has 
resulted in, or is reasonably likely to result in, or to the best of 
Medpro's knowledge any event beyond Medpro's control that is reasonably 
likely to result in, a Material Adverse Effect to Medpro; (ii) any 
acquisition, sale or transfer of any material asset of Medpro or any of its 
subsidiaries other than in the ordinary course of business and consistent 
with past practice; (iii) any change in accounting methods or practices 
(including any change in depreciation or amortization policies or rates) by 
Medpro or any revaluation by Medpro of any of its or any of its 
subsidiaries' assets; (iv) any declaration, setting aside, or payment of a 
dividend or other distribution with respect to the shares of Medpro, or any 
direct or indirect redemption, purchase or other acquisition by Medpro of 
any of its shares of capital stock; (v) any material contract entered into 
by Medpro or any of its subsidiaries, other than in the ordinary course of 
business, or any amendment or termination of, or default under, any 
material contract to which Medpro or any of its subsidiaries is a party or 
by which it is bound; (vi) any amendment or change to Medpro's Certificate 
of Incorporation or Bylaws except as required by the transactions 
contemplated hereby; or (vii) any increase in or modification of the 
compensation or benefits payable, or to become payable, by Medpro to any of 
its directors or employees, other than pursuant to scheduled annual 
performance reviews, provided that any resulting modifications are in the 
ordinary course of business and consistent with Medpro's past practices. 
Medpro has not agreed since June 30, 2007 to do any of the things described 
in the preceding clauses (i) through (vii) and is not currently involved in 
any negotiations to take any of the actions described in the preceding 
clauses (i) through (vii) (other than negotiations with Dentalserv.com and 
its representatives regarding the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement). 3.6 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. Medpro has no 
---------------------------------- material obligations or liabilities of 
any nature (matured or unmatured, fixed or contingent) other than (i) the 
Balance Sheet set forth on Schedule 3.6 of the Medpro Disclosure Schedule, 
---------------------------------------------- dated as of December 31, 
2006 (the "Medpro Balance Sheet"), (ii) -------------------- those incurred 
in the ordinary course of business and not required to be set forth in the 
Medpro Balance Sheet under GAAP, (iii) those incurred in the 11 ordinary 
course of business since the Medpro Balance Sheet date and not reasonably 
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on Medpro, and (iv) those incurred 
in connection with this Agreement. 3.7 Litigation. There is no private or 
governmental ---------- action, suit, proceeding, claim, arbitration, audit 
or investigation pending before any agency, court or tribunal, foreign or 
domestic, or, to the knowledge of Medpro or any of its subsidiaries, 
threatened against Medpro or any of its subsidiaries or any of their 
respective properties or any of their respective officers or directors (in 
their capacities as such) that, individually or in the aggregate, could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Medpro. There 
is no injunction, judgment, decree, order or regulatory restriction imposed 
upon Medpro or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective assets or 
business, or, to the knowledge of Medpro and its subsidiaries, any of their 
respective directors or officers (in their capacities as such), that would 
prevent, enjoin, alter or materially delay any of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, or that could reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect on Medpro. Schedule 3.7 of the Medpro 
-------------------------- Disclosure Schedule lists all actions, suits, 
proceedings, - ------------------- claims, arbitrations, audits and 
investigations pending before any agency, court or tribunal that involve 
Medpro or any of its subsidiaries. 3.8 Restrictions on Business Activities. 
There is no ----------------------------------- agreement, judgment, 
injunction, order or decree binding upon Medpro or any of its subsidiaries 
which has or reasonably could be expected to have the effect of prohibiting 
or materially impairing any business practice of Medpro or any of its 
subsidiaries, any acquisition of property by Medpro or any of its 
subsidiaries or the conduct of business by Medpro or any of its 
subsidiaries. 3.9 Taxes. ----- (a) Medpro and any consolidated, combined, 
unitary or aggregate group for Tax purposes of which Medpro is or has been 
a member, have properly completed and timely filed all Tax Returns required 
to be filed by them and have paid all Taxes required to be paid, whether or 
not shown on any Tax Return. All unpaid Taxes of Medpro for periods through 
December 31, 2006, are reflected in the Medpro Balance Sheet. Medpro has no 
liability for unpaid Taxes accruing after December 31, 2006, other than 
Taxes arising in the ordinary course of its business subsequent to December 
31, 2006. (b) There is (i) no claim for Taxes that is a lien against the 
property of Medpro or is being asserted against Medpro other than liens for 
Taxes not yet due and payable; (ii) no audit of any Tax Return of Medpro 
that is being conducted by a Tax authority that is currently pending or 
threatened, and Medpro has not been notified of any proposed Tax claims or 
assessments against Medpro; (iii) no extension of the statute of 
limitations on the assessment of any Taxes that has been granted by Medpro 
and that is currently in effect; and (iv) no agreement, contract or 
arrangement to which Medpro is a party that may result in the payment of 
any amount that would not be deductible by reason of Sections 280G, 162 or 
404 of the Code. Medpro has not been or will not be required to include any 
material adjustment in Taxable income for any Tax period (or portion 
thereof) pursuant to Section 481 or 263A of the Code or any comparable 12 
provision under state or foreign Tax laws as a result of transactions, 
events or accounting methods employed prior to the Merger. (c) There are no 
Tax sharing or Tax allocation agreements to which Medpro is a party or to 
which it is bound. Medpro has not filed any disclosures under Section 6662 
or comparable provisions of state, local or foreign law to prevent the 
imposition of penalties with respect to any Tax reporting position taken on 
any Tax Return. Medpro has never been a member of a consolidated, combined 
or unitary group of which Medpro was not the ultimate Medpro corporation. 
Medpro has in its possession receipts for any Taxes paid to foreign Tax 
authorities. (d) Medpro has withheld (and paid over to the appropriate 
governmental authorities) with respect to either its employees or any third 
party all Taxes required to be withheld, including, but not limited to, 
FICA and FUTA. (e) Medpro subsidiaries has never been a United States real 
property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code. 
3.10 Labor Matters. Medpro is not a party to any ------------- collective 
bargaining agreement or other labor union contract applicable to persons 
employed by Medpro nor does Medpro know of any activities or proceedings of 
any labor union to organize any such employees. 3.11 Intellectual Property. 
Medpro owns, or is licensed --------------------- or otherwise possesses 
legally enforceable and unencumbered rights to use, all patents, 
trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, and any 
applications therefor, maskworks, schematics, trade secrets, computer 
software programs (in both source code, except in circumstances where 
Medpro only possesses a license to the object code form, and object code 
form), and tangible or intangible proprietary information or material 
("Intellectual Property") that are used in the business 
--------------------- of Medpro ("Medpro Intellectual Property"). Medpro 
owns and ---------------------------- possesses source code for all 
software owned by Medpro and owns or has valid licenses and possesses 
source code for all products owned, distributed and presently supported by 
Medpro. 3.12 Interested Party Transactions. Except as disclosed in 
----------------------------- Schedule 3.12 of the Medpro Disclosure 
Schedule, Medpro is not ----------------------------------------------- 
indebted to any director or officer of Medpro (except for amounts due as 
normal salaries and bonuses and in reimbursement of ordinary expenses), and 
no such person is indebted to Medpro. 3.13 Compliance With Laws. Medpro has 
complied with, is -------------------- not in violation of, and has not 
received any notices of violation with respect to, any federal, state, 
local or foreign statute, law or regulation with respect to the conduct of 
its business, or the ownership or operation of its business, except for 
such violations or failures to comply as would not be reasonably expected 
to have a Material Adverse Effect on Medpro. 3.14 Broker's and Finders' 
Fees. Medpro has not incurred, -------------------------- nor will it 
incur, directly or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders' fees 
or agents' commissions or investment bankers' fees or any similar charges 
in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby 
other than payments to SC Capital Partners. 13 3.15 Minute Books. The 
minute books of Medpro made ------------ available to Dentalserv.com 
contain in all material respects a complete and accurate summary of all 
meetings of directors and stockholders or actions by written consent of 
Medpro during the past three years and through the date of this Agreement, 
and reflect all transactions referred to in such minutes accurately in all 
material respects. 3.16 Vote Required. The affirmative vote of Medpro's 
------------- stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares of 
Medpro Common Stock is the only vote of the holders of any of Medpro's 
capital stock necessary to approve this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby. 3.17 Board Approval. The Board of Directors of Medpro 
has -------------- (i) approved this Agreement and the Merger, (ii) 
determined that this Agreement and the Merger are advisable and in the best 
interests of the stockholders of Medpro and are on terms that are fair to 
such stockholders and (iii) intends to recommend that the stockholders of 
Medpro approve this Agreement and consummation of the Merger. 3.18 
Representations Complete. None of the representations 
------------------------ or warranties made by Medpro herein or in any 
Schedule hereto, including the Medpro Disclosure Schedule, or certificate 
furnished by Medpro pursuant to this Agreement, when all such documents are 
read together in their entirety, contains or will contain at the Effective 
Time any untrue statement of a material fact, or omits or will omit at the 
Effective Time to state any material fact necessary in order to make the 
statements contained herein or therein, in the light of the circumstances 
under which made, not misleading. ARTICLE IV CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE 
TIME ----------------------------------- 4.1 Conduct of Business. During 
the period from the date ------------------- of this Agreement and 
continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the 
Effective Time, each of Medpro and Dentalserv.com agrees (except to the 
extent expressly contemplated by this Agreement or as consented to in 
writing by the other party), to carry on its and its subsidiaries' business 
in the ordinary course in substantially the same manner as heretofore 
conducted, to pay and to cause its subsidiaries to pay debts and Taxes when 
due, subject to good faith disputes over such debts or taxes, to pay or 
perform other obligations when due, and to use all reasonable efforts 
consistent with past practice and policies to preserve intact its and its 
subsidiaries' present business organizations, use its reasonable best 
efforts consistent with past practice to keep available the services of its 
and its subsidiaries' present officers and key employees and use its 
reasonable best efforts consistent with past practice to preserve its and 
its subsidiaries' relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors, 
licensors, licensees, and others having business dealings with it or its 
subsidiaries, to the end that its and its subsidiaries' goodwill and 
ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired at the Effective Time. Each of 
Medpro and Dentalserv.com agrees to promptly notify the other of any 
material event or occurrence not in the ordinary course of its or its 
subsidiaries' business, and of any event that would have a Material Adverse 
Effect on Medpro or Dentalserv.com. 14 4.2 Restrictions on Conduct of 
Business. During the period ----------------------------------- from the 
date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination 
of this Agreement or the Effective Time, except as expressly contemplated 
by this Agreement, neither Medpro nor Dentalserv.com shall do, cause or 
permit any of the following, or allow, cause or permit any of its 
subsidiaries to do, cause or permit any of the following, without the prior 
written consent of the other: (a) Charter Documents. Cause or permit any 
amendments ----------------- to its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws; 
(b) Dividends; Changes in Capital Stock. Declare or 
----------------------------------- pay any dividends on or make any other 
distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of any of its 
capital stock, or split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or 
issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in 
lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital stock, or repurchase 
or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of its capital 
stock except from former employees, directors and consultants in accordance 
with agreements providing for the repurchase of shares in connection with 
any termination of service to it or its subsidiaries; (c) Stock Option 
Agreements, Etc. Take any action to ---------------------------- 
accelerate, amend or change the period of exercisability or vesting of 
options or other rights granted under its stock option agreements or 
authorize cash payments in exchange for any options or other rights granted 
under any of such agreements, except changes that would allow accelerated 
vesting if holders of Dentalserv.com rights or options are terminated 
without cause within 12 months after the Effective Time; (d) Material 
Contracts. Enter into any contract or ------------------ commitment, or 
violate, amend or otherwise modify or waive any of the terms of any of its 
contracts, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with 
past practice; (e) Issuance of Securities. Except as set forth on 
---------------------- Schedule 4.2(e) and with respect to the private 
placement offering of up to $13,000,000.00 of Dentalserv.com Preferred 
Stock and warrants to purchase Dentalserv.com Common Stock, or the issuance 
of Medpro Common Stock in connection with the agency agreement between 
Medpro and SGPF, LLC, issue, deliver or sell or authorize or propose the 
issuance, delivery or sale of, or purchase or propose the purchase of, any 
shares of its capital stock or securities convertible into, or 
subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire, or other agreements 
or commitments of any character obligating it to issue any such shares or 
other convertible securities, other than the issuance of shares of its 
common stock pursuant to the conversion of preferred stock, or exercise of 
stock options, warrants or other rights therefor outstanding as of the date 
of this Agreement; (f) Dispositions. Sell, lease, license or otherwise 
------------ dispose of or encumber any of its properties or assets which 
are material, individually or in the aggregate, to its and its 
subsidiaries' business, taken as a whole, except in the ordinary course of 
business consistent with past practice; 15 (g) Indebtedness. Except in its 
ordinary course of ------------ business, incur any indebtedness for 
borrowed money or guarantee any such indebtedness or issue or sell any debt 
securities or guarantee any debt securities of others in excess of 
$500,000.00 in the aggregate; (h) Payment of Obligations. Pay, discharge or 
satisfy --------------------- in an amount in excess of $50,000.00 in any 
one case, any claim, liability or obligation (absolute, accrued, asserted 
or unasserted, contingent or otherwise) arising other than in the ordinary 
course of business, other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction of 
liabilities reflected or reserved against in the Medpro Financial 
Statements or Dentalserv.com Financial Statements, as applicable; (i) 
Capital Expenditures. Make any capital -------------------- expenditures, 
capital additions or capital improvements except in the ordinary course of 
business and consistent with past practice that do not exceed $100,000.00 
individually or in the aggregate; (j) Acquisitions. Except with respect to 
the issuance ------------ of Medpro Common Stock in connection with the 
agency agreement between Medpro and SGPF, LLC, acquire by merging or 
consolidating with, or by purchasing a substantial portion of the assets 
of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership, 
association or other business organization or division thereof, or 
otherwise acquire any assets which are material, individually or in the 
aggregate, to its and its subsidiaries' business, taken as a whole, or 
acquire any equity securities of any corporation, partnership, association 
or business organization; (k) Taxes. Other than in the ordinary course of 
----- business, make or change any material election in respect of Taxes, 
adopt or change any accounting method in respect of Taxes, file any 
material Tax Return or any amendment to a material Tax Return, enter into 
any closing agreement, settle any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes, 
or consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable 
to any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes; (l) Revaluation. Revalue 
any of its assets, ----------- including without limitation writing down 
the value of inventory or writing off notes or accounts receivable other 
than in the ordinary course of business; (m) Accounting Policies and 
Procedures. Make any ---------------------------------- change to its 
accounting methods, principles, policies, procedures or practices, except 
as may be required by GAAP, Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC or 
applicable statutory accounting principles; (n) Other. Take or agree in 
writing or otherwise to ----- take, any of the actions described in 
Sections 4.2(a) --------------- through (m) above, or any action which 
would make any of its ----------- representations or warranties contained 
in this Agreement untrue or incorrect or prevent it from performing or 
cause it not to perform its covenants hereunder. 16 ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL 
AGREEMENTS --------------------- 5.1 Effectiveness of the Merger. 
Dentalserv.com shall --------------------------- promptly after the date 
hereof take all action necessary in accordance with Nevada Law and its 
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to approve the Merger within 45 
days of the date of this Agreement. 5.2 Access to Information. 
--------------------- (a) Except as prohibited by applicable law, each of 
Medpro and Dentalserv.com shall afford the other and its accountants, 
counsel and other representatives, reasonable access during normal business 
hours during the period prior to the Effective Time to (i) all of such 
party's and its subsidiaries' properties, books, contracts, commitments and 
records, and (ii) all other information concerning the business, properties 
and personnel of such party and its subsidiaries as the other party may 
reasonably request. Each of Medpro and Dentalserv.com agree to provide to 
the other and its accountants, counsel and other representatives copies of 
internal financial statements promptly upon request. (b) Subject to 
compliance with applicable law, from the date hereof until the Effective 
Time, each of Medpro and Dentalserv.com shall confer on a regular and 
frequent basis with one or more representatives of the other party to 
report operational matters of materiality and the general status of ongoing 
operations. (c) No information or knowledge obtained in any investigation 
pursuant to this Section 5.2 shall affect or ----------- be deemed to 
modify any representation or warranty contained herein or the conditions to 
the obligations of the parties to consummate the Merger. 5.3 Confidential 
Information; Non-Solicitation or Negotiation. 
--------------------------------------------------------- (a) Confidential 
Information. Except in connection ------------------------ with any dispute 
between the parties and subject to any obligation to comply with (i) any 
applicable law, (ii) any rule or regulation of any governmental authority 
or securities exchange, or (iii) any subpoena or other legal process to 
make information available to the persons entitled thereto, whether or not 
the transactions contemplated herein shall be concluded, all information 
obtained by any party about any other, and all of the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement, shall be kept in confidence by each party, and each 
party shall cause its stockholders, directors, officers, managers, 
employees, agents and attorneys to hold such information confidential. Such 
confidentiality shall be maintained to the same degree as such party 
maintains its own confidential information and shall be maintained until 
such time, if any, as any such data or information either is, or becomes, 
published or a matter of public knowledge; provided, however, that the 
foregoing shall not apply to any information received by a party from a 
source not known by such party to be bound by a confidentiality agreement 
with, or other contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation of 
confidentiality to, the other party, nor to any information obtained by a 
party which is generally known to others engaged in the trade or business 
of such party. In the event a 17 party to this Agreement becomes legally 
compelled to disclose any such information, it shall promptly provide the 
others with written notice of such requirement so that the other parties to 
this Agreement may seek a protective order or other remedy. If this 
Agreement shall be terminated for any reason, the parties shall return or 
cause to be returned to the others all written data, information, files, 
records and copies of documents, worksheets and other materials obtained by 
such parties in connection with this Agreement. (b) No Solicitation or 
Negotiation. Unless and until ------------------------------ this Agreement 
is terminated, Medpro shall not cause, suffer or permit its directors, 
officers, stockholders, employees, representatives, agents, investment 
bankers, advisors, accountants or attorneys to initiate or solicit, 
directly or indirectly, any inquiries or the making of any offer or 
proposal that constitutes or could be reasonably expected to lead to an a 
proposal or offer (other than by Dentalserv.com) for a stock purchase, 
asset acquisition, merger, consolidation or other business combination 
involving Medpro or any proposal to acquire in any manner a direct or 
indirect substantial equity interest in, or all or any substantial part of 
the assets of Medpro (an "Alternative Proposal") from any person and/or 
entity, or engage in negotiations or discussions relating thereto or accept 
any Alternative Proposal, or make or authorize any statement, 
recommendation or solicitation in support of any Alternative Proposal. 
Medpro shall notify Dentalserv.com orally and in writing of the receipt of 
any such inquiries, offers or proposals (including the terms and conditions 
of any such offer or proposal, the identity of the person and/or entity 
making it and a copy of any written Alternative Proposal), as promptly as 
practicable and in any event within 48 hours after the receipt thereof, and 
shall keep Dentalserv.com informed of the status and details of any such 
inquiry, offer or proposal. Medpro shall immediately terminate any existing 
solicitation, activity, discussion or negotiation with any person and/or 
entity hereafter conducted by any officer, employee, director, stockholder 
or other representative thereof with respect to the foregoing. 5.4 Public 
Disclosure. Unless otherwise permitted by this ----------------- Agreement, 
Medpro and Dentalserv.com shall consult with each other before issuing any 
press release or otherwise making any public statement or making any other 
public (or non-confidential) disclosure (whether or not in response to an 
inquiry) regarding the terms of this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby, and neither shall issue any such press release or make 
any such statement or disclosure without the prior approval of the other 
(which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), except as may be 
required by the SEC or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement 
with any national securities exchange or with the NASD, in which case the 
party proposing to issue such press release or make such public statement 
or disclosure shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to consult with 
the other party before issuing such press release or making such public 
statement or disclosure. 5.5 Consents. -------- Each of Medpro and 
Dentalserv.com shall promptly apply for or otherwise seek, and use its 
reasonable best efforts to obtain, all consents and approvals required to 
be obtained by it for the consummation of the Merger, including those 
required under HSR. The parties hereto will consult and cooperate with one 
another, and consider in good faith the views of one another, in connection 
with any analyses, appearances, presentations, memoranda, briefs, 
arguments, 18 opinions and proposals made or submitted by or on behalf of 
any party hereto in connection with proceedings under or relating to HSR or 
any other federal or state antitrust or fair trade law. 5.6 Legal 
Requirements. Each of Medpro and Dentalserv.com ------------------ will, 
and will cause their respective subsidiaries to, take all reasonable 
actions necessary to comply promptly with all legal requirements which may 
be imposed on them with respect to the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement and will promptly cooperate with and furnish 
information to any party hereto necessary in connection with any such 
requirements imposed upon such other party in connection with the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and will 
take all reasonable actions necessary to obtain (and will cooperate with 
the other parties hereto in obtaining) any consent, approval, order or 
authorization of, or any registration, declaration or filing with, any 
Governmental Entity or other person, required to be obtained or made in 
connection with the taking of any action contemplated by this Agreement. 
5.7 Blue Sky Laws. Medpro shall use its reasonable best ------------- 
efforts to comply with the securities and blue sky laws of all 
jurisdictions which are applicable to the issuance of the Medpro Common 
Stock in connection with the Merger. Dentalserv.com shall use its 
reasonable best efforts to assist Medpro as may be necessary to comply with 
the securities and blue sky laws of all jurisdictions which are applicable 
in connection with the issuance of Medpro Common Stock in connection with 
the Merger. 5.8 Form 8-K. At least five (5) days prior to Closing, -------- 
Dentalserv.com shall prepare a draft Form 8-K announcing the Closing, 
together with, or incorporating by reference, the financial statements 
prepared by Dentalserv.com and its accountant, and such other information 
that may be required to be disclosed with respect to the Merger in any 
report or form to be filed with the SEC ("Merger Form 8-K"), which shall be 
in a form --------------- reasonably acceptable to Medpro. Prior to 
Closing, Medpro and Dentalserv.com will prepare the press release 
announcing the consummation of the Merger hereunder ("Press Release"). 
------------- Simultaneously with the Closing, Medpro shall file and 
distribute the Press Release. Within four (4) business days after the 
Closing, the Surviving Corporation shall file the Merger Form 8-K with the 
SEC. 5.9 Indemnification. --------------- (a) After the Effective Time, the 
Surviving Corporation will fulfill and honor in all respects (i) the 
obligations of Dentalserv.com pursuant to the indemnification provisions of 
Dentalserv.com's Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws or any 
indemnification agreement with Dentalserv.com officers and directors to 
which Dentalserv.com is a party, and (ii) the obligations of Medpro 
pursuant to the indemnification provisions of Medpro's Certificate of 
Incorporation and Bylaws or any indemnification agreement with Medpro 
officers and directors to which Medpro is a party, in each case in effect 
on the date hereof; provided that such indemnification shall be subject to 
any limitation imposed from time to time under applicable law. All such 
indemnification agreements are forth on Schedule 5.9 of the Dentalserv.com 
Disclosure --------------------------------------------- Schedule or 
Schedule 5.9 of the Medpro Disclosure Schedule, -------- 
---------------------------------------------- as applicable. Without 
limitation of the foregoing, in the event any person so indemnified (an 
"Indemnified Party") is ----------------- or becomes involved in any 
capacity in any action, proceeding or investigation in connection with any 
matter relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated 19 
hereby occurring on or prior to the Effective Time, Dentalserv.com or 
Medpro (as the case may be) shall pay as incurred such Indemnified Party's 
reasonable legal and other expenses (including the cost of any 
investigation and preparation) incurred in connection therewith to the 
fullest extent permitted by the Law . Any Indemnified Party wishing to 
claim indemnification under this Section 5.9, upon ----------- learning of 
any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, shall promptly 
notify Dentalserv.com, Medpro, or the Surviving Corporation (as the case 
may be, the "Indemnifying Party") of such claim. (b) To the extent there is 
any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether arising 
before or after the Effective Time) against an Indemnified Party that 
arises out of or pertains to any action or omission in his or her capacity 
as director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of either Dentalserv.com 
or Medpro occurring before the Effective Time, or arises out of or pertains 
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement for a period lasting 
until the expiration of five years after the Effective Time (whether 
arising before or after the Effective Time), in each case for which such 
Indemnified Party is indemnified under this Section 5.9, such ----------- 
Indemnified Party shall be entitled to be represented by counsel, which 
counsel shall be selected by the Indemnifying Party (provided that if use 
of such counsel would be expected under applicable standards of 
professional conduct to give rise to a conflict between the position of the 
Indemnified Person and of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party 
shall be entitled instead to be represented by counsel selected by the 
Indemnified Party and reasonably acceptable to the Indemnifying Party) and 
following the Effective Time, the the Indemnifying Party shall pay the 
reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel, promptly after statements 
therefor are received and the Indemnifying Party will cooperate in the 
defense of any such matter; provided, however, that the Indemnifying Party 
shall not be liable for any settlement effected without its written consent 
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld); and provided, further, 
that, in the event that any claim or claims for indemnification are 
asserted or made prior to the expiration of such five year period, all 
rights to indemnification in respect to any such claim or claims shall 
continue until the disposition of any and all such claims. The Indemnified 
Parties as a group may retain only one law firm (in addition to local 
counsel) to represent them with respect to any single action unless there 
is, under applicable standards of professional conduct, a conflict on any 
significant issue between the position of any two or more Indemnified 
Parties. (c) The provisions of this Section 5.9 are intended ----------- to 
be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party, 
his or her heirs and representatives. 5.10 Tax Treatment. For U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, ------------- it is intended that the Merger qualify 
as a reorganization within the meaning of the Code, and the parties hereto 
intend that this Agreement shall constitute a "plan of reorganization" 
within the meaning of Section 368 of the Code and Treasury Regulations 
Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a). the Surviving Corporation will report 
the Merger on its income tax returns in a manner consistent with treatment 
of the Merger as a Code Section 368(a) reorganization. Neither Medpro, 
Dentalserv.com nor any of there respective affiliates has taken any action, 
nor will they take any action, that could reasonably be expected to prevent 
or impede the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization under Section 368 
of the Code. 20 5.11 Best Efforts and Further Assurances. Each of the 
----------------------------------- parties to this Agreement shall use its 
best efforts to effectuate the transactions contemplated hereby and to 
fulfill and cause to be fulfilled the conditions to closing under this 
Agreement. Each party hereto, at the reasonable request of another party 
hereto, shall execute and deliver such other instruments and do and perform 
such other acts and things as may be necessary or desirable for effecting 
completely the consummation of this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby. ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER 
------------------------ 6.1 Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to 
Effect the ----------------------------------------------------- Merger. 
The respective obligations of each party to this - ------ Agreement to 
consummate and effect this Agreement and the transactions contemplated 
hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective 
Time of each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived, in 
writing, by agreement of all the parties hereto: (a) Stockholder Approval. 
This Agreement and the -------------------- Merger shall have been approved 
and adopted by the requisite vote of the stockholders of Dentalserv.com 
under Nevada Law and by the requisite vote of the stockholders of Medpro 
under Delaware Law. (b) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No 
---------------------------------------- temporary restraining order, 
preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by any court of 
competent jurisdiction or other legal or regulatory restraint or 
prohibition preventing the consummation of the Merger shall be in effect, 
nor shall any proceeding brought by an administrative agency or commission 
or other governmental authority or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, 
seeking any of the foregoing be pending; nor shall there be any action 
taken, or any statute, rule, regulation or order enacted, entered, enforced 
or deemed applicable to the Merger, which makes the consummation of the 
Merger illegal. In the event an injunction or other order shall have been 
issued, each party agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to have such 
injunction or other order lifted. (c) Governmental Approvals. Medpro, 
Dentalserv.com ---------------------- and their respective subsidiaries 
shall have timely obtained from each Governmental Entity all approvals, 
waivers and consents, if any, necessary for consummation of or in 
connection with the Merger and the several transactions contemplated 
hereby, including such approvals, waivers and consents as may be required 
under the Securities Act, under state Blue Sky laws, and under HSR. 6.2 
Additional Conditions to Obligations of 
--------------------------------------- Dentalserv.com. The obligations of 
Dentalserv.com to consummate -------------- and effect this Agreement and 
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction 
at or prior to the Effective Time of each of the following conditions, any 
of which may be waived, in writing, by Dentalserv.com: (a) Representations, 
Warranties and Covenants. (i) ----------------------------------------- The 
representations and warranties of Medpro in this Agreement shall be true 
and correct in all material respects (except for such representations and 
warranties that are qualified by their terms 21 by a reference to 
materiality which representations and warranties as so qualified shall be 
true and correct in all respects) both when made and on and as of the 
Effective Time as though such representations and warranties were made on 
and as of such time (provided that those representations and warranties 
which address matters only as of a particular date shall be true and 
correct as of such date) and (ii) Medpro shall have performed and complied 
in all material respects with all covenants, obligations and conditions of 
this Agreement required to be performed and complied with by them as of the 
Effective Time. (b) Certificate of Medpro. Dentalserv.com shall have 
--------------------- been provided with a certificate executed on behalf 
of Medpro by its President and Chief Financial Officer certifying that the 
conditions set forth in Section 6.2(a) shall have been fulfilled. (c) Third 
Party Consents. Dentalserv.com shall have -------------------- been 
furnished with evidence satisfactory to it of the consent or approval of 
those persons whose consent or approval shall be required in connection 
with the Merger under the contracts of Medpro set forth on Schedule 6.2(c) 
of the Medpro Disclosure Schedule. (d) Injunctions or Restraints on Conduct 
of Business. ------------------------------------------------ No temporary 
restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order 
issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal or regulatory 
restraint provision limiting or restricting Medpro's conduct or operation 
of the business of Medpro and its subsidiaries, following the Merger shall 
be in effect, nor shall any proceeding brought by an administrative agency 
or commission or other Governmental Entity, domestic or foreign, seeking 
the foregoing be pending. (e) No Material Adverse Changes. There shall not 
have --------------------------- occurred any Material Adverse Effect on 
Medpro, or any change that has a Material Adverse Effect on Medpro. 6.3 
Additional Conditions to the Obligations of 
------------------------------------------- Medpro. The obligations of 
Medpro to consummate and effect ------ this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the 
Effective Time of each of the following conditions, any of which may be 
waived, in writing, by Medpro: (a) Representations, Warranties and 
Covenants. (i) ----------------------------------------- The 
representations and warranties of Dentalserv.com in this Agreement shall be 
true and correct in all material respects (except for such representations 
and warranties that are qualified by their terms by a reference to 
materiality, which representations and warranties as so qualified shall be 
true and correct in all respects) both when made and on and as of the 
Effective Time as though such representations and warranties were made on 
and as of such time (provided that those representations and warranties 
which address matters only as of a particular date shall be true and 
correct as of such date) and (ii) Dentalserv.com shall have performed and 
complied in all material respects with all covenants, obligations and 
conditions of this Agreement required to be performed and complied with by 
it as of the Effective Time. 22 (b) Certificate of Dentalserv.com. Medpro 
shall have ----------------------------- been provided with a certificate 
executed on behalf of Dentalserv.com by its President and Chief Financial 
Officer certifying that the conditions set forth in Section 6.3(a) shall 
have been fulfilled. (c) Injunctions or Restraints on Conduct of Business. 
------------------------------------------------ No temporary restraining 
order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by any 
court of competent jurisdiction or other legal or regulatory restraint 
provision limiting or restricting Dentalserv.com's conduct or operation of 
the business of Dentalserv.com following the Merger shall be in effect, nor 
shall any proceeding brought by an administrative agency or commission or 
other Governmental Entity, domestic or foreign, seeking the foregoing be 
pending. (d) No Material Adverse Changes. There shall not have 
--------------------------- occurred any Material Adverse Effect on 
Dentalserv.com, or any change that has a Material Adverse Effect on 
Dentalserv.com. (e) Officers and Directors of Dentalserv.com. 
---------------------------------------- Dentalserv.com shall have obtained 
and delivered to Medpro copies of the resignations of those persons listed 
on Schedule 6.3(e) from their positions as officers and --------------- 
directors of Dentalserv.com, and shall have taken all necessary action for 
the appointment of the persons listed on Schedule 6.2(e) to the positions 
set forth opposite their --------------- names, all effective at and as of 
the Closing. Immediately prior to the effectiveness of the resignations of 
the directors of Dentalserv.com, the directors of Dentalserv.com shall have 
appointed persons designated by Medpro to fill vacancies on 
Dentalserv.com's board of directors, including, if applicable, vacancies 
created by the resignations described herein. (f) Stock Quotation. 
Dentalserv.com Common Stock at --------------- Closing shall be quoted on 
the OTC BB, and there will be no action or proceeding pending or threatened 
against Dentalserv.com by the NASD to prohibit or terminate the quotation 
of Dentalserv.com Common Stock on the OTC BB. (g) SEC Compliance. 
Immediately prior to the Closing, -------------- Dentalserv.com shall be in 
compliance with the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act, and 
shall have timely filed all Exchange Act reports for the twelve month 
period preceding the Closing. ARTICLE VII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER 
--------------------------------- 7.1 Termination. At any time prior to the 
Effective Time, ----------- whether before or after approval of the matters 
presented in connection with the Merger by the stockholders of 
Dentalserv.com, this Agreement may be terminated: (a) by mutual consent of 
Medpro and Dentalserv.com; (b) by either Medpro or Dentalserv.com, if, 
without fault of the terminating party, the Closing shall not have occurred 
on or before December 31, 2007, or such later date as may be agreed upon in 
writing by the parties hereto (the "Final Date"); ---------- 23 (c) by 
Medpro, if Dentalserv.com breaches any of its representations, warranties 
or obligations hereunder to an extent that would cause the condition set 
forth in Section 6.3(a) not to be satisfied and such breach shall not 
-------------- have been cured within ten (10) business days of receipt by 
Dentalserv.com of written notice of such breach (and Medpro has not 
willfully breached any of its covenants hereunder, which breach is not 
cured); (d) by Dentalserv.com, if Medpro breaches any of its 
representations, warranties or obligations hereunder to an extent that 
would cause the condition set forth in Section 6.2(a) not to be satisfied 
and such breach shall not -------------- have been cured within ten (10) 
business days of receipt by Medpro of written notice of such breach (and 
Dentalserv.com has not willfully breached any of its covenants hereunder, 
which breach is not cured); or (e) by either Medpro or Dentalserv.com if 
(i) any permanent injunction or other order of a court or other competent 
authority preventing the consummation of the Merger shall have become final 
and nonappealable or (ii) any required approval of the stockholders of 
Medpro or Dentalserv.com shall not have been obtained by reason of the 
failure to obtain the required vote upon a vote held at a duly held meeting 
of stockholders or at any adjournment thereof (provided that the right to 
terminate this Agreement under this subsection (ii) shall not be available 
to Medpro or Dentalserv.com where the failure to obtain such stockholder 
approval shall have been caused by the action or failure to act of Medpro 
or Dentalserv.com and such action or failure constitutes a breach by Medpro 
or Dentalserv.com of this Agreement). 7.2 Effect of Termination. In the 
event of termination of --------------------- this Agreement as provided in 
Section 7.1, this Agreement shall ----------- forthwith become void and 
there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of Medpro or 
Dentalserv.com or their respective officers, directors, stockholders or 
affiliates, except to the extent that such termination results from the 
breach by a party hereto of any of its representations, warranties or 
covenants set forth in this Agreement; provided that, the provisions of 
Section 5.3 (Confidentiality), ----------- Section 7.3 (Expenses and 
Termination Fees), this Section 7.2 and ----------- ----------- Section 8.1 
(Non-Survival at Effective Time) shall remain in full ----------- force and 
effect and survive any termination of this Agreement. Nothing herein shall 
relieve any party from liability in connection with a breach by such party 
of the representations, warranties or covenants of such party to this 
Agreement. 7.3 Expenses and Termination Fees. ----------------------------- 
(a) Subject to subsections (b) and (c) of this Section 7.3, whether or not 
the Merger is consummated, all ----------- costs and expenses incurred in 
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby 
(including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of its advisers, 
accountants and legal counsel) shall be paid by the party incurring such 
expense. (b) If Medpro terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(c) 
then Dentalserv.com shall promptly reimburse -------------- Medpro for all 
of the out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Medpro in connection 
with this Agreement and the transactions 24 contemplated hereby (including, 
without limitation, the fees and expenses of its advisors, accountants and 
legal counsel). (c) If Dentalserv.com terminates this Agreement pursuant to 
Section 7.1(d) Medpro shall promptly reimburse -------------- 
Dentalserv.com for all of the out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by 
Dentalserv.com in connection with this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses 
of its advisors, accountants and legal counsel). 7.4 Amendment. The Boards 
of Directors of the parties --------- hereto may cause this Agreement to be 
amended at any time by execution of an instrument in writing signed on 
behalf of each of the parties hereto; provided that an amendment made 
subsequent to adoption of the Agreement by the stockholders of Medpro shall 
not (i) alter or change the amount or kind of consideration to be received 
on conversion of Medpro Common Stock, (ii) alter or change any term of the 
Articles of Incorporation of Dentalserv.com to be effected by the Merger, 
or (iii) alter or change any of the terms and conditions of the Agreement 
if such alteration or change would materially adversely affect the holders 
of Medpro Common Stock. 7.5 Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the 
Effective ----------------- Time any party hereto may, to the extent 
legally allowed, (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the 
obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto, (ii) waive any 
inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to such party 
contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and (iii) 
waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions for the benefit 
of such party contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto 
to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an 
instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. ARTICLE VIII GENERAL 
PROVISIONS ------------------ 8.1 Non-Survival at Effective Time. The 
representations, ------------------------------ warranties and agreements 
set forth in this Agreement shall terminate at the Effective Time, except 
that the agreements set forth in Article I, Section 5.3 (Confidentiality), 
5.8 (Form 8-K), ----------- --- 5.9 (Indemnification), 5.11 (Best Efforts 
and Further --- ---- Assurances), 7.3 (Expenses and Termination Fees), 7.4 
--- --- (Amendment), and this Article VIII shall survive the Effective 
Time. ------------ 8.2 Notices. All notices and other communications 
------- hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if 
delivered personally or by commercial delivery service, or mailed by 
registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) or sent via 
facsimile (with confirmation of receipt) to the parties at the following 
address (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like 
notice): (a) if to Medpro, to: Medpro Safety Products, Inc. 817 Winchester 
Road 25 Lexington, KY 40505 Attention: Chief Executive Officer Facsimile 
No.: (859) 225-5347 Telephone No.: (859) 225-5375 with a copy (which shall 
not constitute notice to Medpro) to: Frost Brown Todd LLC 250 West Main, 
Suite 2700 Lexington, Kentucky Attention: Paul E. Sullivan, Esq. Facsimile 
No.: (859) 231-0011 Telephone No.: (859) 231-0000 (b) if to Dentalserv.com, 
to: Dentalserv.com 20 W. 55th Street 5th Floor New York, NY 10010 Tel. 
No.:(212) 849-8248 Fax No.: (212) 867-1416 with a copy (which shall not 
constitute notice to Dentalserv.com) to: Law Office of Eugene Michael 
Kennedy 517 SW First Avenue Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301 Attn: Eugene Michael 
Kennedy, Esq. Tel. No.: (954) 524-4155 Fax No.: (954) 525-4169 8.3 
Interpretation. When a reference is made in this -------------- Agreement 
to Exhibits or Schedules, such reference shall be to an Exhibit or Schedule 
to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The words "include," 
"includes" and "including" when used herein shall be deemed in each case to 
be followed by the words "without limitation." The phrase "made available" 
in this Agreement shall mean that the information referred to has been made 
available if requested by the party to whom such information is to be made 
available. The phrases "the date of this Agreement", "the date hereof", and 
terms of similar import, unless the context otherwise requires, shall be 
deemed to refer to November 7, 2007. The table of contents and headings 
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not 
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 26 8.4 
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or ------------ more 
counterparts, including by facsimile, all of which shall be considered one 
and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more 
counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the 
other parties, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same 
counterpart. 8.5 Entire Agreement; Nonassignability; Parties in 
---------------------------------------------- Interest. This Agreement and 
the documents and instruments and -------- other agreements specifically 
referred to herein or delivered pursuant hereto, including the Exhibits, 
the Schedules, including Dentalserv.com Disclosure Schedule and the Medpro 
Disclosure Schedule (a) constitute the entire agreement among the parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior 
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof. 8.6 Severability. If any 
provision of this Agreement, or ------------ the application thereof, 
becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, 
void or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in 
full force and effect and the application of such provision to other 
persons or circumstances will be interpreted so as reasonably to effect the 
intent of the parties hereto. The parties further agree to replace such 
void or unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and 
enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the 
economic, business and other purposes of such void or unenforceable 
provision. 8.7 Remedies Cumulative. Except as otherwise provided 
------------------- herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred 
upon a party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other 
remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such party, and the 
exercise by a party of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any 
other remedy. 8.8 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by 
------------- and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Delaware, without regard to the laws that might otherwise govern under 
applicable principles of conflicts of law. Each of the parties hereto 
irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of any court located 
within the State of New York in connection with any matter based upon or 
arising out of this Agreement or the matters contemplated herein, agrees 
that process may be served upon them in any manner authorized by the laws 
of the State of New York for such persons and waives and covenants not to 
assert or plead any objection which they might otherwise have to such 
jurisdiction and such process. 8.9 Rules of Construction. The parties 
hereto agree that --------------------- they have been represented by 
counsel during the negotiation, preparation and execution of this Agreement 
and, therefore, waive the application of any law, regulation, holding or 
rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other 
document will be construed against the party drafting such agreement or 
document. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 27 Merger Agreement Signature Page IN 
WITNESS WHEREOF, Medpro and Dentalserv.com have caused this Agreement and 
Plan of Merger to be executed and delivered by their respective officers 
thereunto duly authorized, all as of the date first written above. 
DENTALSERV.COM By:__________________________ _____________________________ 
MEDPRO SAFETY PRODUCTS, INC. By:__________________________ 28 Exhibit A 
--------- CERTIFICATE OF MERGER Of Medpro Safety Products, Inc. (a Delaware 
corporation) with and into DENTALSERV.COM (a Nevada corporation) Under 
Section 78.416 of the Private Corporations law, Nevada Revised Statutes The 
undersigned corporation, Dentalserv.com, hereby certifies that: FIRST: The 
name and state of incorporation of each of the constituent corporations is: 
Medpro Safety Products, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Disappearing 
Corporation"), and ------------------------ Dentalserv.com, a Nevada 
corporation (the "Surviving Corporation"). --------------------- SECOND: An 
agreement of merger has been approved, adopted, certified, executed and 
acknowledged by the Disappearing Corporation and by the Surviving 
Corporation in accordance with the provisions of the Private Corporations 
law, Nevada Revised Statues. THIRD: The name of the Surviving Corporation 
is Dentalserv.com. FOURTH: The Amended and Restated Articles of 
Incorporation, in the form of attached Exhibit A, shall be the --------- 
Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, which shall change 
its name to Medpro Safety Products, Inc. upon the effectiveness of this 
Certificate. FIFTH: The executed agreement of merger is on file at the 
principal place of business of the Surviving Corporation at: Dentalserv.com 
20 W. 55th Street 5th Floor New York, NY 10010 SIXTH: A copy of the 
agreement of merger will be furnished by the Surviving Corporation on 
request, and without cost, to any stockholder of the Disappearing 
Corporation or the Surviving Corporation. SEVENTH: This Certificate of 
Merger will be effective at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on _________, 2007. 29 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed and subscribed to this 
Certificate of Merger on behalf of Dentalserv.com as its authorized officer 
and hereby affirms, under penalties of perjury, that this Certificate of 
Merger is the act and deed of such corporation and that the facts stated 
herein are true. DATED: December ___, 2007 Dentalserv.com 
_____________________________ a Nevada corporation 
By:___________________________ Dr. Lawrence Chimerine, Chief Executive 
Officer __________________________________________________________________ 
30 Exhibit B --------- EXHIBIT A AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF 
INCORPORATION OF DENTALSERV.COM DENTALSERV.COM, a Nevada corporation (the 
"Corporation"), does hereby certify that: FIRST: The original articles of 
incorporation of the Corporation were filed with the Secretary of State of 
the Nevada on December 15, 1999 (the "Original Articles of Incorporation"). 
SECOND: That the Board of Directors of the Corporation, by unanimous 
written consent dated as of August 13, 2007, adopted resolutions setting 
forth proposed amendments to the Original Articles of Incorporation, 
declaring such amendments to be advisable and calling for the submission of 
such amendments to the stockholders of the Corporation for consideration 
thereof. THIRD: That thereafter, pursuant to Section 78.320 of the Private 
Corporations law, Nevada Revised Statutes, written consents approving the 
amendments set forth above were signed by holders of outstanding voting 
stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be 
necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting on such date at 
which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. FOURTH: 
That said amendments were duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of 
Sections 78.1955, 78.2055, 78.315 & 78.320 of the Private Corporations law, 
Nevada Revised Statutes. FIFTH: That the capital of the Corporation shall 
not be reduced under or by reason of said amendments. SIXTH: The Original 
Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation are hereby amended and 
restated to read in full as follows: ARTICLE I NAME The name of this 
corporation is Medpro Safety Products, Inc. ARTICLE II PURPOSES The 
purpose, object and nature of the business for which this corporation is 
organized are: 31 (a) to engage in any lawful activity; and (b) to carry on 
such business as may be necessary, convenient, or desirable to accomplish 
the above purposes, and to do all other things incidental thereto which are 
not forbidden by law or by these Articles of Incorporation. ARTICLE III 
DURATION The corporation will have perpetual existence. ARTICLE IV POWERS 
The powers of the corporation will be those powers granted by 78.060 and 
78.070 of the Nevada Revised Statutes under which this corporation is 
formed. In addition, the corporation will have the following specific 
powers: (a) To elect or appoint officers and agents of the corporation and 
fix their compensation; (b) To act as an agent for any individual, 
association, partnership, corporation, or other legal entity; (c) To 
receive, acquire, hold, exercise rights arising out of the ownership or 
possession thereof, sell, or otherwise dispose of, shares or other 
interests in, or obligations of, individuals, associations, partnerships, 
corporations, or governments; (d) To receive, acquire, hold, pledge, 
transfer, or otherwise dispose of shares purchased, directly or indirectly, 
out of earned surplus; (e) To make gifts or contributions for the public 
welfare or for charitable, scientific or educational purposes. ARTICLE V 
AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK (a) The total number of shares which the 
Corporation shall have authority to issue is One Hundred Million 
(100,000,000), consisting of Ninety Million (90,000,000) shares of Common 
Stock, par value $0.001 per share, (hereafter called the "Common Stock"), 
and Ten Million (10,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per 
share, (hereinafter called the "Preferred Stock") (b) Each four (4) shares 
of Common Stock outstanding at 5:00 p.m. on August 10, 2007, shall be 
deemed to be one (1) share of Common Stock of the Corporation, par value 
$0.001 per share. (c) Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to 
time in one or more series as may be established from time to time by 
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Corporation (hereinafter the 
"Board"), each of which series shall consist of such number of shares and 
have such distinctive designations or title as shall be fixed by resolution 
of the Board prior to the issuance of any shares of such series. Each such 
class or series of Preferred Stock shall have such voting powers, full or 
limited, or no voting powers, and such preferences and relative, 32 
participating, optional or other special rights and such qualifications, 
limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in such resolution 
of the Board providing for the issuances of such series of Preferred Stock. 
ARTICLE VI DIRECTORS Section 1. Size of Board. The number of directors of 
this corporation may consist of from one (1) to nine (9) directors, as 
determined, from time to time, by the then existing Board of Directors. 
Their qualifications, terms of office, manner of election, time and place 
of meeting, and powers and duties will be such as are prescribed by statute 
and in the bylaws of the corporation. Section 2. Powers of Board. In 
furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of 
the State of Nevada, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized and 
empowered: (a) To make, alter, amend and repeal the bylaws subject to the 
power of the shareholders to alter or repeal the bylaws made by the Board 
of Directors; (b) Subject to the applicable provisions of the bylaws then 
in effect, to determine, from time to time, whether and to what extent, and 
at what times and places, and under what conditions and regulations, the 
account and books of the corporation, or any of them, will be open to 
shareholder inspection. No shareholder will have any right to inspect any 
of the accounts, books or documents of the corporation, except as permitted 
by law, unless and until authorized to do so by resolution of the Board of 
Directors or of the shareholders of the corporation; (c) To issue stock of 
the corporation for consideration of any tangible or intangible property or 
benefit to the corporation including, but not limited to, cash, promissory 
notes, services performed, or for any other assets of value in accordance 
with the action of the Board of Directors without vote or consent of the 
shareholders and the judgment of the Board of Directors as to value 
received and in return therefore will be conclusive and said stock when 
issued will be fully paid and non-assessable; (d) To authorize and issue, 
without shareholder consent, obligations of the corporation, secured and 
unsecured, under such terms and conditions as the Board, in its sole 
discretion, may determine, and to pledge or mortgage, as security 
therefore, any real or personal property of the corporation, including 
after acquired property; (e) To determine whether any and if so what part 
of the earned surplus of the corporation will be paid in dividends to the 
shareholders, and to direct and determine other use and disposition of such 
earned surplus; (f) To fix, from time to time, the amount of the profits of 
the corporation to be reserved as working capital or for any other lawful 
purpose; (g) To establish bonus, profit-sharing, stock option or other 
types of incentive compensation plans for the employees, including officers 
and directors, of the corporation and to fix the 33 amount of profits to be 
shared and distributed, and to determine the persons to participate in any 
such plans and the amount of their respective participations; (h) To 
designate, by resolution or resolutions passed by a majority of the whole 
Board, one or more committees, each consisting of two or more directors, 
which to the extent permitted by law and authorized by the resolution of 
the bylaws will have and may exercise the powers of the Board; (i) To 
provide for the reasonable compensation of its own members by bylaws, and 
to fix the terms and conditions upon which such compensation will be paid; 
(j) In addition to the powers and authority herein before, or by statute, 
expressly conferred upon it, the Board of Directors may exercise all such 
powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the 
corporation, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the laws of the 
State of Nevada, of these Articles of Incorporation, and of the bylaws of 
the corporation. Section 3. Interested Directors. No contract or 
transaction between this corporation and any of its directors, or between 
this corporation and any other corporation, firm, association, or other 
legal entity will be invalidated by reason of the fact that the director of 
the corporation has a direct or indirect interest, pecuniary or otherwise, 
in such corporation, firm or association, or legal entity, or because the 
interested director was present at the meeting of the Board of Directors 
which acted upon or in reference to such contract or transaction, or 
because he participated in such action, provided that (1) the interest of 
each such director will have been disclosed to or known by the Board and a 
disinterested majority of the Board will have nonetheless ratified and 
approved such contract or transaction (such interested director or 
directors may be counted in determining whether a quorum is present for the 
meeting at which such ratification or approval is given); or (2) the 
conditions of N.R.S. 78.144 are met. ARTICLE VII LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF 
OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS The personal liability of a director or officer of 
the corporation to the corporation or the shareholders for damages for 
breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer will be limited to acts 
or omissions which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing 
violation of law. ARTICLE VIII INDEMNIFICATION Each director and each 
officer of the corporation may be indemnified by the corporation as 
follows: (a) The corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a 
party, or is threatened to be made a party, to any threatened, pending or 
completed action or suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, 
administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of 
the corporation), by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, 
officer, employee or agent of the corporation or is or was serving at the 
request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of 
the corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, 
against expenses (including attorney's fees), judgments, fines and amounts 
paid in settlement, actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection 
34 with the action, suit or proceeding, if he acted in good faith and in a 
manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best 
interests of the corporation and with respect to any criminal action or 
proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. 
The termination of any action, suit or proceeding, by judgment, order, 
settlement, conviction or upon plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent 
does not itself create a presumption that the person did not act in good 
faith and in a manner in which he reasonably believed to be in or not 
opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and that, with respect to 
any criminal action or proceeding, he had reasonable cause to believe that 
his conduct was lawful. (b) The corporation may indemnify any person who 
was or is a party, or is threatened to be made a party, to any threatened, 
pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation, 
to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was 
a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was 
serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee 
or agent of the corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other 
enterprise, against expenses including amounts paid in settlement and 
attorney's fees actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with 
the defense or settlement of the action or suit, if he acted in good faith 
and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the 
best interest of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any 
claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a 
court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals there 
from, to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to 
the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the 
action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction 
determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the 
case the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such 
expenses as the court deems proper. (c) To the extent that a director, 
officer or employee or agent of the corporation has been successful on the 
merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred 
to in subsections (a) and (b) of this Article, or in defense of any claim, 
issue or matter therein, he must be indemnified by the corporation against 
expenses, including attorney's fees, actually and reasonable incurred by 
him in connection with the defense. (d) Any indemnification under 
subsection (a) and (b) unless ordered by a court or advanced pursuant to 
subsection (e), must be made by the corporation only as authorized in the 
specific case upon determination that indemnification of the director, 
officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances. The 
determination must be made: By the stockholders; (i) By the Board of 
Directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not 
parties to the act, suit or proceeding; (ii) If a majority vote of a quorum 
consisting of directors who were not parties to the act, suit or proceeding 
so orders, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; or 35 (iii) 
If a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the act, suit 
or proceeding cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written 
opinion. (e) Expenses of officers and directors incurred in defending a 
civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding must be paid by the 
corporation as they are incurred and in advance of the final disposition of 
the action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on 
behalf of the director or officer to repay the amount if it is ultimately 
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that he is not entitled to 
be indemnified by the corporation. The provisions of this subsection do not 
affect any rights to advancement of expenses to which corporate personnel 
other than directors or officers may be entitled under any contract or 
otherwise by law. (f) The indemnification and advancement of expenses 
authorized in or ordered by a court pursuant to this section: (i) Does not 
exclude any other rights to which a person seeking indemnification or 
advancement of expenses may be entitled under the certificate or Articles 
of Incorporation or any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or 
disinterested directors or otherwise, for either an action in his official 
capacity or an action in another capacity while holding his office, except 
that indemnification, unless ordered by a court pursuant to subsection (b) 
or for the advancement of expenses made pursuant to subsection (e) may not 
be made to or on behalf of any director or officer if a final adjudication 
established that his acts or omissions involved intentional misconduct, 
fraud or a knowing violation of the law and was material to the cause of 
action. (ii) Continues for a person who has ceased to be a director, 
officer, employee or agent and inures to the benefit of the heirs, 
executors and administrators of such a person. ARTICLE IX PLACE OF MEETING; 
CORPORATE RECORD BOOKS Subject to the laws of the State of Nevada, the 
shareholders and the directors will have the power to hold their meeting, 
and the directors will have the power to have an office or offices and to 
maintain the books of the corporation outside the State of Nevada, at such 
place or places as may from time to time be designated in the bylaws or by 
appropriate resolution. ARTICLE X AMENDMENT OF ARTICLES The provision of 
these articles of incorporation may be amended, altered or repealed from 
time to time to the extent and manner prescribed by the laws of the State 
of Nevada, and additional provisions authorized by such laws as are then in 
force maybe added. All rights herein conferred on the directors, officers 
and shareholders are granted subject to reservation. 36 Dentalserv.com 
_______________________________________________________________ a Nevada 
corporation By:____________________________________________________________ 
Name: Title: 37 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER BETWEEN MEDPRO SAFETY 
PRODUCTS, INC. AND DENTALSERV.COM November 7, 2007 
______________________________________________________________________ 38 
Table of Contents Page ---- ARTICLE I THE MERGER 1 1.1 The Merger 1 1.2 
Closing; Effective Time 1 1.3 Effect of the Merger 2 1.4 Conversion of 
MedPro Common Stock 2 1.5 Surrender of Certificates 2 1.6 No Further 
Ownership Rights in Medpro Common Stock 3 1.7 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed 
Certificates 3 1.8 Tax Consequences 4 1.9 Withholding Rights 4 1.10 Taking 
of Necessary Action; Further Action 4 ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND 
WARRANTIES OF DENTALSERV.COM 4 2.1 Organization, Standing and Power 4 2.2 
Capital Structure 5 2.3 Authority 5 2.4 Financial Statements 6 2.5 Absence 
of Certain Changes 6 2.6 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities 7 2.7 
Litigation 7 2.8 Restrictions on Business Activities 7 2.9 Governmental 
Authorization 7 2.10 Title to Property 7 39 Page ---- 2.11 Intellectual 
Property 7 2.12 Taxes 8 2.13 Labor Matters 8 2.14 Compliance With Laws 8 
2.15 Minute Books 8 2.16 Brokers' and Finders' Fees 8 2.17 Vote Required 8 
2.18 Board Approval 9 2.19 Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board Quotation 9 2.20 
Representations Complete 9 ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF 
MEDPRO 9 3.1 Organization, Standing and Power 9 3.2 Capital Structure 10 
3.3 Authority 10 3.4 Financial Statements 11 3.5 Absence of Certain Changes 
11 3.6 Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities 11 3.7 Litigation 12 3.8 
Restrictions on Business Activities 12 40 Page ---- 3.9 Taxes 12 3.10 Labor 
Matters 13 3.11 Intellectual Property 13 3.12 Interested Party Transactions 
13 3.13 Compliance With Laws 13 3.14 Broker's and Finders' Fees 13 3.15 
Minute Books 14 3.16 Vote Required 14 3.17 Board Approval 14 3.18 
Representations Complete 14 ARTICLE IV CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME 
14 4.1 Conduct of Business 14 4.2 Restrictions on Conduct of Business 15 
ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS 17 5.1 Effectiveness of Merger 17 5.2 
Access to Information 17 5.3 Confidential Information; Non-Solicitation or 
Negotiation 17 5.4 Public Disclosure 18 5.5 Consents 18 5.6 Legal 
Requirements 19 41 5.7 Blue Sky Laws 19 5.8 Form 8-K 19 5.9 Indemnification 
19 5.10 Tax Treatment 20 5.11 Best Efforts and Further Assurances 21 
ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER 21 6.1 Conditions to Obligations of 
Each Party to Effect 21 the Merger 6.2 Additional Conditions to Obligations 
of Dentalserv.com 21 6.3 Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Medpro 
22 ARTICLE VII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER 23 7.1 Termination 23 7.2 
Effect of Termination 24 7.3 Expenses and Termination Fees 24 7.4 Amendment 
25 7.5 Extension; Waiver 25 ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS 25 8.1 
Non-Survival at Effective Time 25 8.2 Notices 25 8.3 Interpretation 26 8.4 
Counterparts 27 8.5 Entire Agreement; Nonassignability; Parties in Interest 
27 42 8.6 Severability 27 8.7 Remedies Cumulative 27 8.8 Governing Law 27 
8.9 Rules of Construction 27 
______________________________________________________________________ 
TABLE OF CONTENTS ----------------- EXHIBITS A - Certificate of Merger B - 
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation SCHEDULES --------- 
Dentalserv.com Disclosure Schedule Medpro Disclosure Schedule 
_____________________________________________________________________ 44